to to
[Music]
Ok here we go
the here perform for you if you know the
words you can join In To put your hands
Together if you Clap as we Take through
this mony
[Music]
rapke dkey
Kong He's the leader of the bunch you
know him well He's Finally back to Kick
some ta his Coconut gum can Fire And sps
If he shoots It's gna hurt He's bigger
faster and stronger too He's the First
member of the d Crew
dk Donkey Kong is here
dk Donkey Kong
Donkey Kong
iskey so Listen up She can shink size to
suit her She's quick and When She needs
to be She can float through the air and
clat if you
choose choose
wrong H
[Music]
[Applause]
She's Donkey Kong is
Here Donkey
Kong Don Kong he has no Style he has no
Grace K has a funny face he
can when he needs to and stretch his
Arms
for
you
[Music]
bonkey
Donkey Kong is here
[Music]
Donkey
Kong donkey
[Music]
Kong Donkey Kong Back Again and
about this he the moon he can fly real H
with his Jet with his pistols out He's
One tough c he'll Make You Smile when he
Plays his Tun but klin beware cuse He's
after
you Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong is
Here Donkey
Kong Donkey Kong
Finally He's here for you It's The Last
member of the dk Crew this Kong so
strong it isn't funny can make a kremlin
Cry out for mmy can't pick up a Boulder
with relative ease makes crushing Rocks
seem such a breeze he May move Slow he
can't jump high but this comes one hell
Of a guy
Come on cranky take it to the
fridge walnuts peut pineapple smells
grapes melons oranges and coconut shell
oh yeah walnuts peanuts pineapple smells
you believe melons oranges and coconut shells
oh yeah walnuts peut pineapple
smells melons oranges and coconut shell
yeah walut can Pinea smell
[Music]
H
[Applause]
[Music]
single
Oh
[Music]
w
he he
[Music]
I have
ye Oh
[Music]
I have
[Applause]
[Music]
come
Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey Hey hey
[Music]
pod
jurisdiction jurisdiction
[Applause]
[Music]
or mythical dance steps of throwing a
I don't think it's fair that I have to receive
those comments as I enter the
kids eh And less a day in which
I bring
exclusive me me me
it seems to me it seems pathetic pathetic
reception you should be worried
for many reasons the youth is at
die Okay, what the [ __ ] is that about
let's have
2054 members 2054 members two more days
without doing direct and we went down from 2000
We lowered the 2000 barrier, do you know what?
What is that psychologically for me?
tup I'm not going to be able to buy hairspray anymore
I'll have to make do with better quality.
and on Twitter for racism He is criticizing me
seeming a little disproportionate
true Giorgio man Man becu
georgio cco
members becu no balu balu 50 pieces of
Members, this is an entry that I
I deserve I'm working on a bridge
but not on a bridge because it is meso and
have no house but on a bridge because
cash tomorrow cash tomorrow is a
Monday that I could be
Well, calmly, I know how to do it
something
productive and you have me here and today I have
uploaded a video on the main channel and
I just did a live show with Marina in
telesalseo and tomorrow man Romina has
made member we welcome you no
to Romina
Tomorrow Roy just gave away another 50
members have touched cucumber cucumber no
we want you, we don't want you, here you are
running everywhere
This is a
entrance this is an entrance and not what
I had before getting hair this is
a [ __ ] entry That's how I like it That's how I like it
I like that when people arrive they see that
the chat, that is, you see the chat, not that it is
is playing on YouTube Well that
people always see everything full of things
This is a joke. Well, now I don't know.
You see with me Now you don't see it with me in
half
wait this this above is a
hesitation
That is, in my chat always when there is something
Here everything is full of colors
little things and such is a joke
true but you know what happens
that it is a joke that is
full of super chat members and stuff
others but of course you are you are
Latin Americans almost all then that
You're giving me the best that sounds like a lot
noise many colors sound and come out
many lights but maybe we are
talking about I don't know my
dinner I missed you so much me too cop
Of course, I'm totally watching Coca-Cola.
blar I'm watching coca-cola blar take me out
a clip I'm watching Coca Cola
committing a crime, a tax crime
for we no longer say Who is
Wilson nice bridge to get to the 3
fear character
that people are believing it
racism is calling me racist
Of course they are calling me racist. With what?
With what face do I come here to talk?
from Ricky Ed this
Direct Javier is racist if that is the case
I support no I'm not I'm not I'm not
racist I called a black man black
Sorry grandpa, I love you, Jorio, I don't
If it happens again, don't slip up again
Hey, don't slip again.
By the way there was someone who told me
He wrote me offering me 1 euro for the Setup
has found out that I want to change the
Setup and there was someone offering me 1000
turkeys man and I think for 1000 turkeys
I can do a live show in a thong if
you want eh Let's see, it's that really not
I have an idea of
Setup I don't have an idea of Setup either.
that I want to do something has made me sick
My wife doesn't understand everything.
woman says she feels sorry for something she doesn't know what
I know how much you know but my wife doesn't
understand that this cave in which I
I've been stuck in it all day. It's already happened to me.
cloying, that is, it is very full of
things I don't know that the same thing no eh that it
Same no, eh, the same, I'll leave it, we'll continue.
filling it with things and that's it but yes
It is true that on the other hand I
I would love to give it another touch
changing it I don't know during the year
We'll see, but it's true that 1000
eur as very little no here there is much more
pasta here there is a lot of pasta I want to feel
You good handsome today is the day today is
day of exclusive okay we have some
statements that he has given me
Lali, let's comment on them, I want
Commenting on this topic is worthwhile.
I want to comment on some things, eh, I'm not going to.
Click now to start the live stream
Obviously we will see things and
as people enter, then
we will give I don't know if it will be the last topic or
In the end, but well, we'll see. Okay.
I had something here, I had something here
ready to see and I just saw it
remove I don't know but there was going to be around here
a gibel thing and I just removed it
then and giving the like and entering
Okay
Ah, I had six K's if you went with
the
ladies
no no way
no defamation no
defam no defam you are defaming for
leave me bad and that
people are slandering me to make me look bad and
That people hate me is worth it
people don't reach 100,000 again
members no 10000 it was not a joint for me
Here we did not reach 6000
you had
balls, I mean, members are worth it here
Here the members are worth 3 cents
because you do it with a VPN
you put Latin members to buy and no
you have had the courage to reach 6000
It stayed at 5500 or something like that
eh it stayed at 5500 something like that and you come to me
to me to hesitate about I don't know what, I don't know
how much more I believe Ricky, let's see either
complicated Well, we'll talk about that later
later we talked about that deeply I wanted
see something here that I have
closed but I think if I put my name
We are not appearing here today by the way.
there has been a video on the main channel
I trust that you will give him a lot of support, okay?
I trust that you will give him a lot of support as well.
a little salty that is going to be good, eh, it's a
I'll go out, it's going to be good, eh, watch out, eh, it is
a little break that will be fine
It will surely be expanded
information and so on and that's curious
Salseo ehel reviews canceled by Seran
And well, in fact, yes, in fact it is.
What happens is that now it is a bit of
closet a hater Javi oliveira
gets angry with gibel
bro hey can i hire the one who does the
thumbnails of this specific channel
Well I don't know if it's the same for everyone.
These channels of cl of
gibel I don't even know why gibel
This allows so many clips to be uploaded
yours everywhere and so many channels or
be me me me
I would absolutely like to stay until
last penny of whatever my image is
but well giel it
allows but thumbnails many times
They have their grace, we could hire
We could search for that miniaturer by
please and kick him
you are ours, pambisito
Bro, I find your demands very funny.
jav oliveira Leave the demands can not
more addicted exo experience but what
[ __ ] [ __ ] is
This is what the [ __ ] is this?
This video is [ __ ] awesome, I think we're going to do it
Let's see today too, eh eh. And well, then
We comment on the exclusive, let's see
First this video, let's see if they last the same amount of time.
Yes more or less yes This is a little more
I'm going to see this long, I know that your day is such
once was go let it be a little longer
and leaving something behind is difficult, I know that
maybe you feel that the world
won But remember the world didn't beat you and
You are not alone, I am here for you.
[ __ ] what pisses me off deb
is that he plays music of this kind that makes you jump
copy and every time we click on it
then I have to be remembering
remembering remembering I don't even know what
I speak, eh, I mean, I'm at
puntn luar that I thought you were
side with the others you can make me a
please and I'll leave you all night
Please, you can rob Uncle South.
[Music]
Hey, a handsome kiss, I'm on the other side.
Channel now I send you a kiss uncle
Thank you very much for your intervention and
Here is your house, okay, you can rob it.
to Uncle Sur who put it in the title
some rebor to see what there is lauti ends
to give away another 50 members [ __ ]
what a [ __ ] outrage, guys
We have 150 members tonight
started and we haven't started guys
I doubt you will be able to overcome the
night the other day in the
Gentlemen of those who are here, eh?
In the end, the kids are always the ones who
It's the kids' little house, it's my little house.
It's the youth that always gets me by surprise.
floor when I fall the one that always doesn't
When I have a problem, he understands me.
and then the kids understand me
should understand that I right now
I want to reach 3000 members, okay?
you should understand it with the hab was not going to
tell you one
What I have in mind, I don't have a date
still but I do have it in mind
to withdraw for a while and focus a little
in my
life but I don't know when I will do it
okay it has to be a moment in which
have
I before summer surely before
summer
surely and focus
in personal things
above all also a lot of gym a lot
things like that you know like plan and come back with with
the batteries recharged eh or rather I carry
a very, very, very long time without
stop hard
and and I mean like doing a mental reset and
Physical Okay but I don't know when I'll do it no
I know when I'll do it irl in the gin no no
but in plan to put myself at full speed to spend
many hours during the day in the gym
many hours with the family many
hours of, that is, in plan to disconnect the
internet be careful because maybe I am
talking about two weeks a month eh A lo
I'd rather be talking about something like this, not in
three-month plan or anything like that
but two weeks, 10 days, a month, something like that.
do something like that soon but I don't know I don't know
when will I do it but it will be soon
soon
Okay, I did it and I told the Mods.
But there is a problem 00 charges me for
read the manga 300 doos i want to use a
You just brightened my day with this
news the problem is where do I do the
Stream because I have a lady in life
Gallant to my house not her
I bring the problem is where the
Setup On which platform not another
possibility another possibility is that I leave
Stream them for a while, maybe put on a
month and I focused only on recording
videos okay I don't know the truth or they are
things I'm thinking about, but
surely if I do something like that because De
I have a fact
plan to complete the physical issue
gym and so on before summer that
It will be the basis of a lot of hits and a lot of cardio
then I can't fit any more things there
on the day then they will surely go
things
well it will be no s these are things that I have in the
mind and I don't know exactly how
execute nor when
Okay, the problem is that I have you very bad
I'm used to it all day
I was used to seeing people around me
yesterday so much that I didn't appear all day
If you let me give you a little kiss on the
cheek and a ball grab Yes Mike
Obviously if he throws me 100 subs I'll give him a kiss
to the camera now you imagine falling on it
at Pico's house and say hello
ge hi gey it's me
gey is me
gey come rob me I'm going to steal your
I had already been a prostitute
there this seems so familiar to me 00 se
is asking to read nor will they
break I don't know why I don't know why so much
But well, it seems that it is something of a fantasy.
you connect the WiFi you just imagine
He still charges a lot because it's [ __ ]
has to read has to read the
BC chapters twist yutsu and Shingeki no Kyojin
Seeing is hard, you have to be honest.
hard what you have to read is hard
But why the hell does the clip say Javi?
oliveira and does not speak of Javi oliveira me
He's talking about these dolls that
he sees Javi as being Yuki It's that no
I have nothing to tell you about the
drawings How old is gibel or so
Gibel is younger than me but not younger either.
so much no Or suddenly gibel le
It will happen to me like it did to you. Okay, when you're around.
of the midlife crisis
from liking cartoons to watching in
reality is not that they are going to stop
I like them but they seem to have made me sick
They've made me a little sick, I don't know.
Lorena says she feels sorry for me
get rid of the figure and they are figures
collectible figures that are not very
unique this one in particular, let's go the one that I lied
to bring it back from Disneyland Paris but
It's like aunt, I already have them here.
There are thousands of videos with this setup
with this figure with this statue he wants
that I have some left that I have left
that s I'll see what I do the same nor
change eh Ha but you have tattoos
Disney doll yes I am yes I am
I will probably get more tattoos in fact I think
I have an appointment, I have an appointment with the
tattoo artist to finish my elbow
I'm missing my elbow, it's really hard, eh?
very hard for her thinking that after reading
They're going to detonate it, it's not going to happen to me, friend.
You know why not because it's not called prisoner
m kage and is 16 years old we have a
Problem, kids, we have a problem.
we have a problem we have a problem
Serious guys, I've already finished reading
all the Blue Lock mangas I had
and in Uruguay it is only until the 22nd I think
How many bits to do it at home?
Javi minutes c [ __ ] But that should be it
put it on the clippers these sons of [ __ ] or
they just extended it to 8 minutes per
the face because when they put my name
Here it seems that the best works for them
clips as if I were the [ __ ] Rubio and or
something you know Roy a kiss I don't know why there is
many people who find it very effective to put
my [ __ ] name dude like i'm
you know whether or not it changes the Gameplay of
background already 10 streams watching
dinosaurs because that's what I love and it's
what is and is what comes out
automatic I don't and no and it's not something that
caught my attention, that is, no ...
the idea of driving you crazy
I'm going to be with two girls and not a chance.
I share myself, myself, my brother, no, yes, I
costs with a Imagine with clear no
I can satisfy one, I will satisfy
two but bastard first for that
I would have to find a lati a kiss
handsome what's up lasne where were you
complains the one who takes out an extract of time and
half a tweet Hey, I'm respected here
Here you are kids if you are kids
You are until the end, eh yes, I criticize
to one of these for one thing if I
I make you
It's hard to do it right with one I'm going to
break it with two look what he put in
follow the one who hates Javi Oliveira who
be the one who hates the one who hates Javi
Oliveira is not the only one, though.
the only one who hates Lamar
Javi the canine guy, what about this account?
Well there is one account in particular that is
that of Wilson who we already know who he is and
it's the story it's true
the other day this is Lore of
Gentlemen, this is Lore, this is Lore of
Gentlemen, one day we were looking for a
The thing is that this story is going to be a
direct just for that eh Just for that
account It's going to be a live show we are
researching and testing some things no
to find the person who is my
I was reporting on Twitter and YouTube and
You fraudulently remember that, don't you?
and we fit a few things together, man.
and we found that we are missing one thing for
to be able to prepare that live show But it's going to be
cinema, that is, because he is a person who already
He has been a real pain in the ass in the past
by the ass and then he had the balls when
I confronted him about being a victim, not on top
And now it's on the internet and it's still on
internet of that
form eh It seems like cinema to me It seems like cinema to me
Uncle, it seems to me like a movie talking to his
friends friends also told me
We know that he is on social media in some way
shape but we don't know what shape
and man, the story is crazy
behind the account is crazy eh
crazy crazy crazy but it seems to me
wonderful that there are people at the
that I am so important as to be created
accounts dedicated only to me because
In real life he's like a hater but he is what he is
As a fan it's like fanning, no, you don't see it.
as very
Faneo, don't you see it as very faneo? I mean, no
you see it
as a name related to me when
it goes viral on Twitch my viral
clear name goes viral My
name is like an untreated trauma in
therapy no Good He is trying it that way
way or a vigilante has been invented
because he believes himself to be a vigilante I want him to
He's going to come and avenge us, what happens is that
does so from an anonymous identity
invented not someone who likes it
cinema No, just in case, just in case
bad again not to cry but
listen to me
and when a tweet from him goes viral
Of course my name is going viral. Eh.
when if one day I don't do that direct
person gets bored Not because it is those
people who are various. Well, not all of them.
They are the same, that is, I think that Dal Veira
It's the same as Javiel Canino, so by the
personality I would say dal veira
Javier
canine but javiel peluca I think it is
another kid, you know, he's like really crazy
because it's like 247 pending if Javi
posts a tweet if the other posts if Javi
Upload an excerpt to see it in detail
but apart from that, whether gentlemen
[Music]
Cher
p who is this
this is not the chat or which is which of
all the eclipse channels, not the one from Peru
It has to be Edar, I think, Gelito Clipero. Thanks.
because it says when I gobel react to the
audios ri being a brother and says that and I
I put the doll on him and he gets angry a bit.
clip channel that I don't run or know who
is behind and is completely burned
for the cover It's my turn too
Ah
Of course, of course, I say [ __ ] what
opinion I don't know what opinion he had
gibel and the other gossip channels
Regarding the Ali issue, because it is that
I haven't been able to do a little bit of snooping yet.
I know what opinion the channels will have had
of gossip is fine but of course because of the
cover as if he were laughing at
he did not answer regarding this topic
right, then we will talk extensively
Okay when I give you the statements of
Ali but regarding this
The thing is that we are going to see the audios.
What they prove is that Lali is cheating on
Ricky Edi and he wedges it and then covers it up
the lie while he wants to return to
how much is worth it or is it to be unfaithful to him that in
no moment is a novelty or that's it
We already knew what Ricky Ed sells at that time.
piece of text you write is like
that she seems to recognize the audios
that rape is invented and that's it
number one no you listen to the audios and
no you don't recognize that or practically
is justifying itself and what is
doing is
He justified himself by saying that he was very
drunk that I don't know what it is is a resource
not that it is used much
and then the eh It's not the same you say
Ah, I did it because I was, uh, [ __ ] around.
Well, I was having a good time and it went away.
little bit of hands no no no no no no
It's just that it's not saying anything there
of rape and then point number two the
Ricky himself recognizes in all that stuff
of text that says he doesn't believe her and
In fact, he stopped following her and deleted her
photos on instagram or at what time
It doesn't matter if Ricky makes it up or not.
she invents if that doesn't free Ricky from
has followed the
roll is not like Ricky is it
believed because she cheated on him and then
Ricky is not to blame for anything. It's that he
all the blame is falling on her
but what are you telling me man but yes
You didn't believe it. You knew that.
you were falsely defaming someone if
You deleted the photos on Instagram
you punished her by putting her with your
followers you blocked her no Hello Javi
how do you explain what you're talking about today
We're going to talk about a few things and then
that it is not the one that already gave you menopause
Well, it's also true, I don't deny it, but it is
that you are telling me things that I am not
I deny a kiss, handsome Lauti, it's that she is
blaming her as if she were
the one that was invented Give us a clue that one
account before started with him Go grandpa
damages
I'm not going to give her something But I am
completely sure that you are my
go around that account the way to
write eh the tastes the expressions
What things he talks about and what things he doesn't talk about
It's worth a lot of things, the gathering went away
the branches of what we all already knew
that they lied to him that he was unfaithful but
They never talk about their contradictions with
violin But what do they understand that those
sample audios I haven't seen it I'm going to see it
Let's see, okay, but for me, let's go yes
Do you want us to put the audios later?
We saw it the other day. She didn't
recognizes an That is, she does not recognize that
a rape is being invented and in the
In case she makes it up, he doesn't
He believes He doesn't believe it and in Texaco itself
I recognize yours at the moment that
I saw it, I didn't believe it and I knew that everything
I was a volunteer when I saw the testimony
From the boy I knew it was
volunteer and
then he makes the video with her accusing him
the kid as a rapist or in other words, what
damn the gang there is Pea or Lali or what
Lali looks bad in this but Lali will remain
just as bad as him, so what the [ __ ]
There are people supporting Ricky in that way.
tweet that I posted the other day, really
I don't know, it seems to me otherwise.
you see how the restraining order is like the
Dallas complaint as the I don't know what
like the I don't know how much uncle uncle we haven't
still taught a lesson by Ricky
with the delos and with the other and with the one of
the motorcycle or at what moment that
benefits Ricky who had the idea
about rape and what do I care?
if Lali had it or Ricky had it in the
video Ricky blamed himself
himself and said that he was the one who did it
invented but it doesn't matter it's just that it gives
Maybe he won't believe her if he takes some
conversations of her trying to get back together
to meet with the guy he doesn't believe her and still
so he when Dallas starts to
make a video of him, he forgives her and takes her away
to his house and says in the video that he has been
a rape. That is, if he doesn't tell her
you invent that I believe that it is
invent it, okay, if he doesn't invent it for you
maybe they'll follow the same pattern and accuse you
false a rape kid Knowing he
that it was a lie I just don't understand no
I understand what Ricky is being supported for.
because I took out those audios point number
one of the audios does not demonstrate what he
puts in the tweet and point number two
my [ __ ] sweats, my [ __ ] sweats
I mean, the guy is so bad that he started to
accuse an uncle of being a rapist because
girlfriend knowing he had put the
horns and wanted to get it back
to say that it doesn't make sense is that it remains
bad all around because look I don't know
He believed her and he continued accusing the boy
of
rapist And if he had believed her if
he would have believed it and left it alone
follow her made her put a
thread deleted the photos with her from
Instagram No, I don't understand that.
It's true that people are like this, eh, per se
They believed that the police station
police closed at 3 that we are going to
ask for each one and see what
but when they accuse Lesy of
abuser or 8 dv doesn't seem so bad to you
Oh really, what laziness, what laziness!
true, what a drag, dude, what a drag, what
laziness what laziness what laziness what laziness
uncle what
laziness what laziness uncle one thing that you
accuse someone of something that you
you value based on what you are seeing and
Another thing is that your girlfriend catches you
you some conversations where you are
putting the quacks and you publicly
to contradict Dallas without
you believe it
without you believing the excuses you make a
video with your balls saying that it is a
rapist And it's more when we go out
Needless to say, there isn't any
rape that we have audios of her
saying that he lies, he turned against
mine eh When I made a video saying
that I had conversations because I had them
and I have them, okay, this is it.
Delali saying the same audios as him
He said I made a video and they came to me
both on Twitter Lali and Ricky both
They came to me through Twitter you're talking about
without knowing you could have
consulted he got angry with me because
I made an exclusive video because I
had conversations with Ali denying that
It was rape, huh? And he got angry.
with me saying that I could have
asked why I speak without knowing
eh And now he wants us to follow him
roll and that it is Lali who has it
invented no yes it is invented t
you're also talking about the [ __ ]
man, but if it's there, let's see
Dude, Twitter won't open for me, I don't know what.
Damn, what's happening today that Twitter doesn't
open luare me is me you are still here
luare man already uncle vast all with the
nonsense Lu are you still here please
King capture please because it won't open for me
Twitter in the browser I don't know what's going on
eh Send me in capture when I did the
video with the conversations that
They came out of Ali, okay, they are a
representation Although they were false of
others that were there were valid and they came to me
Ricky and Lali to answer my tweet
reproaching him
with his super logical face and the only ones
what they call cuca rck are the 2 + 2 pees
2 that [ __ ] What G ge that [ __ ] is
because they have a clip of me where I
in a debate with a
character in a moment of heat eh Me
I made a mistake and said 2 + two equals two, which is
a clip of mine from
2016 is worth a live fight with me
a person in a heated moment
I made a mistake, I don't even know what I was doing
saying okay that And that's all that
They have me You know what the [ __ ] is going on
the ge cup the [ __ ] goes in the gey cup and
then it says I love you handsome, blowing kisses
Gel sends me his little gels for calling him
Pambisito and kids, well, there's a clip.
yours applauding Dallas and another Javi
that without taking this into account one day he says
one thing and the other the opposite is not known
decide and that's not my fault nor Yada
so I'm also to blame for what
what does Javi say?
oliveira, that is, it's my fault
clips channels and Javi Oliveira's too
qu Gan end up with all that cover in
base to the
reality that
win and see what's there
own and not blind yourself For or against
In everything you are doing well gubel if both sides
They criticize you, you are doing well for
and here I put did you know that in that video
I'm saying that it's wrong for them to go
to say things in the street since there was
a donation from someone who told me that he
He crossed it and wanted to exchange words
Your hatred leads you to think that it is okay
harassed person You're very weird Man and me
He says if they were just words I don't see it
bad or Javi is a Holy God that [ __ ]
What a cool calaveritas that mom what a cool
That is, according to him, you can intercept
Javi Oliveira on the street at
criticisms that this nonsense makes on the internet
what is that [ __ ]? What is that [ __ ]?
eh Mr sec with Gamer is enough eh B in more is
more eh that I didn't think about it the other day but
Of course, if it was in a store that day, of course.
It was in a shopping center where I
I was shopping for clothes and I was with my boyfriend
Hey Javi, turn up the volume on your microphone.
truth is he got off it is
It's true that I was with my boyfriend, eh, I mean
sick sick sick if it's true
He got off a lot, man, I don't know why B is enough
with your spam and stop copying the
spam that he is doing because they are going to you
to bathe is enough, it is as if someone
comes close to you insulting you as if you were
as if it were in Stream without any kind
It's a joke if a follower comes who
use a meme the channel I [ __ ] myself I [ __ ] myself
I'm laughing my head off but it comes from insulting
I say what have I done, damn what's wrong with you?
Brother a
see
Julieta Julieta answers about her envelope
your hacker but it is that
[Music]
Julieta responds about her hacker uncle
but I would have liked to have
I have discussed this topic but I have not
I tried to see if Uncle Sh puts a little bit of
context they hacked and leaked a lot
of her private things It is
I didn't comment on this because
and because the captures themselves, that is
I didn't like the subject very much either.
comment on it because those days we would have
something better to comment but it had to be
censor The screenshots The screenshots
They had a lot of personal data and so on
No
So I didn't really comment on that topic.
but there it remained, there it remained, but oh well
They basically hacked Julieta No and
Well there was a lot of movement after
all that happened almost a year ago
Julieta has spoken about the topic this week
would basically start someone sends a
super chat with context And what kind of
things were leaked please so that I
understand I have been here for two more weeks or
less out because I don't know if they have seen
Hey
but generally speaking I want it
summarize a lot a lot a lot because the
I really don't even feel like talking about the subject.
but there so that you understand although
be a little bit in general rules Ah
I suffered many hacking attempts if
some may have seen some leaks
From messages that comes to me on the stick okay
So the problem is not that they were leaked
the messages The problem is that I
They attacked me, they tried to rob me
Hey, money, as they couldn't, they tried to get me.
extort that money as if
They could and obviously I didn't respond to the
They threatened me and tried to extort me
hack all my accounts and accounts
people close to me Okay I wasn't there two
weeks out because they have leaked
three lame messages from 5 years ago
dry kiss thank you very much Hey
remind you all Now that there is more
Pea is worth reminding you all that
We have 157 members so far
direct and eh Let's see if we can get closer
at 3000 members okay, you can do it
give away members I think with 2000
people here easy you give medium
member each and we make it easy Eh
Years I was away for a long time because
I received threats, I received attempts at
extortion I received income in my accounts
Okay income not just attempts to
income Ah income It's that here income
Of course he is talking about income from
enter their accounts of course I say
[ __ ] Well I want to be hacked
also and I get income I want
money always, eh [ __ ] what a crybaby I am
income we will end the year with 369
members says
Black I wish I wish man I would feel sorry for you
end the year with less than 3000 eh
Hey Cirilo, says Cirilo, that obsession with
the
members Damn man That sounds so bad and
Well, for that very reason, everything was taken away
It is still due to a legal issue and
Obviously I hired lawyers for this.
I don't believe it, this is like the typical one
It is said but I don't think it will be put
to get into lawyers for
that's why keeping these things is why
I'm not telling you if they had leaked three
messages from my life, I don't care about that
I mean, that doesn't matter to me.
affected affected not I mean had me then
busy solving these issues, that is, me
was
all warse other 50 family members
warse another 50 members go 200
12 members we have right now 212
members we have right now
uncle kids [ __ ] kids eh stop
then I put a tweet eh I love it
I don't really like to hesitate either.
hesitate what do you say Chari Have you seen how
there are the kids
today every day talking to the
lawyers and so then, well, nothing
I had to take care of that, that's why I haven't
been doing live that's why I've
been not uploading stories or anything
So how? Well, nothing, that's what it's for.
have a little bit of context too
I would add that he has had
very bad days and perhaps that is why not
has reacted in the best way
last days then But someone me
account that there was like
conversations and such But with data
private But what was there?
What was there, can you give me a little bit of information?
context private conversations will not
nothing happens but Lone, Lone you are not
member uncle beatr you are not
member because I'm seeing a lot of
super loyal kids who are not members
I love drawing as a gift
20 uncle I love drawing as a gift
20 The topic is heating up here
eh The topic is getting heated and it may
be a reality that we reach
end the year with 3000
Hey, things are getting serious, huh?
tonight no no no it's that of course it's that
Of course. I think we are getting closer to
the two what 230
240 the guy loves to draw, he's a genius. Hey
Well, follow his channel, follow his channel, yes.
you know him you you you He is
warming up the night
eh Well nothing So you understand that I have
had very ugly days, that is to say days like
a lot of stress and a lot of anxiety and very
busy and that's why I haven't been
active and also for that reason eh Well I have
reacted perhaps in a way that
that would not react to certain
comments eh certain jokes and etcetera
on social networks because clearly
I was having a hard time
just for a leak of three messages
I was going through a difficult time
and then see people joke and so no
I didn't find this funny, right? But oh well.
At the moment I am somewhat more
calm down I don't know trying to do the
things like I can eh And so nothing I think
I would also talk about all the hate that
saw herself on social media
I see a lot of people throwing hate in
on social networks but I don't know anymore
I got used to them coming to me on the spike. I mean
Well, if you don't like me, there's no way, dude. I mean.
If you don't like it, I have a life
Personally, well, no way if you thought that
for I don't know if you were going to see me live
be with me, well, no way, gey, I think so
That's specifically what that comment is
Well, silly. Well, I've already made it clear.
several times eh I think that in fact I should
have some clip out there talking about
about that topic but well, yeah. And finally
I would say that for security reasons it is not valid.
to be able to announce events or places to
those who are going to go since the threats
They would have been physical too.
Okay, Tyrion, for retes, but why?
you have a reason why you have users who
They call Tyrion by Retes
Uncle, but why are you doing that to me?
[ __ ] dog eh How could he throw a
challenge everything that has to do with
I'm not going to tell you about trips and events.
Nothing okay Ah for security reasons
Basically I can't tell you
absolutely nothing about whether I go or not
if I move if I don't move if I travel if
I don't travel if I have plans if not
I remember that I had threats
physical okay I mean no no threats that
I'm going to filter your messages, no, no threats.
towards my person therefore I have
that we should be much more careful with that
sense Okay Eh So then nothing
try not to ask me
of those things because sadly they do not
I'll be able to answer, well, poor thing.
No, I have a video here, a figure.
public here we are going to react to
this video no yes no Oh your elders
enemies Well but I think we're going to
see what Ari does, no, I don't think we'll see
We're going to watch a video about Ari here.
about Ari but of course first well This
We'll see about Ari, we'll see about Ari
If we reach an amount like that,
pretty No if we get to
Now while we comment on this
gossip this exclusive if we get to
200,500 members
We see it, we don't spend the night
watching that video no eye man I love to draw
has almost 2 million
subscribers
Wow boo
Okay, let's see, let's comment, let's
comment on a move
Okay, let's discuss this move. Ok.
I have exclusive statements from Ali
This would be Lali's answer to everything
what has happened in recent days
the Ricky Eddie thread to the thread of the
Ricky Edi's girlfriend I'm not going back to
read the complete threads because already
We read them and you have an extract about
That's what I wanted to comment on a little bit.
topic of some comments not I mean
I understand that there are youtubers who have
their fandom that they have their people that that
supports them blindly and would support them
they would blindly do what
do not when I am giving one
information either in a newscast or by
example Now when I comment on the
exclusive about Ali no and the
Ali's statements are objective, okay?
That is to say, I am now going to give you the
Ali's statements and does not mean that
words from my mouth nor that I am
I agree that they are neither mine nor that they are
approved by me are statements of
Ali exclusively without further ado can tell you
seem better, it may seem worse to you
when I am giving news in a
tweet or on a newscast are objective
They are also news, they are worthless.
facts okay And then there are my videos of
salsa, whether it be extracts from live shows
that is, the videos of the main Channel
where I'm giving my opinion is fine by me
It is surprising that even today it is still
people don't know what a channel is about
of criticism of gossip, not of buns and
I still get comments like well
What a [ __ ], you're not objective. Of course.
I'm not. Of course, touch your [ __ ].
This is what the opinions of
say what I think no but it's that you
You don't get along with Ricky Eddy.
You have a problem with Ricky Eddy, you're going to
twist to the point of supporting Ali
Well, let's see, will you forgive me for one thing?
Me with Ricky Edy What I had the
discussions we have for me are
content I don't know if you I
I understand that every fan of every YouTuber
For example, Ricky's fans edited it.
They have me as the enemy or the one who is
mess with Ricky I don't know but I argue
Well, I think there are 28 youtubers at the
day then for me no one has the
wingspan sufficient to be a
enemy so that I hate him
that Ricky has me for me there was a
I will comment on some comments that for
I crossed the line of the personal.
I apologized for them and I haven't even thought about it
remembered again, that is, it is no longer there
important enough for me as
for me to lie for being against him
If I say something or am giving my opinion about something
It's what I think and it's what I am
seeing it makes me angry because
then when time passes that gives me the
reason For example, it does not matter that
The police stations in Andorra close at
3 pm okay there was no order
There was no complaint about the removal, eh?
Dallas could enter Andorra
perfectly it was not reported to him
you will have to pay nothing Don't go to the
There were no hitmen in prison, okay, it was a
idea of raet at a time when
I was caught imo no and it was raet the
who entered prison then about
those things and about that nonsense later
When time goes by, no one tells me
says nothing then it turns out that the
another day Ricky a kiss Alan forgive me
that I don't stop now while I am
giving the exclusive okay eh then you
I appreciate it and everything else is fine, Ricky, suddenly
appears the other day with a tweet
very long tochs imo giving a
explanations about the audios that
I was publishing I already told you they are in
other tract are in the account of
Ricky's Twitter I'm not going to see them again
repeat ok Ricky Affirms in that t Taco
that in those audios that we are going to listen to
Lali admits that she is making it up
rape or it is proven that Lali is
invent rape okay And I tell you
the other
that that no that in those audios if you
you hear the
audios are not Lali making up a
rape nor does it recognize that it has occurred
invented that I understand perfectly and
I actually agree that there are a lot of
people who when they listen to those audios and
He sees that tweet and says, "Wow, that's so bad."
Lali, what a bird, what a bird, I don't know what
I know how much I understand it is worth it but for me
In those audios he is not recognizing either
rape is not being invented
that's what you hear in the
audios in those audios what is
doing everything possible to lie to
Don't let infidelity catch you in the act
We kids need a Navy for
grow Well it could be eh Hey, I know
could give me what turns me on like
your voice is a blow to the ear, old man
tasty Don't stop talking, I'm almost there
I'm done, okay, okay, okay, I'll continue, eh
I continue, it will give you
time there is a part
Hello good evening Javi did you see that in the
The discussion only said that Lali was bad
woman but they never mentioned that Ricky
He lied to the bully or anything.
They have their opinion. I have mine. I don't.
I know if it will be the same or I haven't seen it eh De
I haven't seen it, but well, every time
one has his opinion I have mine
I personally agree with Ricky's tweet
throughout Tchaco
puts after me to read the testimony of the
kid minutes
before it is surprising how people distort
what you say just to get content and
when you only present data without opinion
They say you're supporting someone but
It's that I don't care, let's see, but it is
which is an objective fact that Ricky puts
a text eh And it says that in that text it is
demonstrates something and then you listen to the
audios and that is not proven In that
I'm defending the Ali that Ali doesn't
be a liar that Ali doesn't
you deceive that he was not unfaithful that he was not
The fourth one no no but it doesn't matter look
There is a text in that tweet and it is not that long.
and there's a part that says Ricky after me
read the kid's testimony minutes
before it became clear to me that she acted in
spiteful and
volunteer then here Ricky Eddie in
the same text of the tweet piece that
writes is already telling you that from the
minute one did not believe it, okay, I do not believe it
Does Ricky need to put it here or
I don't care, I don't care, Ricky No.
Ricky believed her and made her put a thread on it
on Twitter he unfollowed her and
blocked her and deleted all her photos from the
Instagram Ricky did not create it, he stopped
talking to her was when Dallas started
to make a video when Ricky decides
take her home and Ricky who doesn't know
believed that rape that supposedly
his girlfriend Ricky had told a while ago
video with her our truth where she says
He is the one who gives it a name and gives it the
rape label and that she
accepts and he blames a rapist
kid who was simply the one that her
girlfriend had cuckolded him, that is to say that
It makes me laugh a lot. No, it's not that I know.
Lali has invented it, that is, here it is
The debate is now whether Lali will take it
invents or makes it up
Ricky, I think he made it up himself.
not accepting that you have been cuckolded, okay, hey
that Lali and Ricky have been invented without
believing her Ricky without believing her hit himself
weeks saying that she had been raped
that you have to see that we were
criticizing a video that the video
It was based on some
conversations that people of mine
Ali's environment told me okay, to me there is
people from Ali's environment who
contacted me and showed me conversations of the
Ali very to these that falsified okay Yes
that it is true that those that went viral
They were a montage but they represented the
perfection the real ones are worth Look what
Ricky told me in my video, that is, in this one
video practically what I was
exposing what you can see is in the
main channel okay Ricky edy your girlfriend
has deceived you here all the evidence in
In this video what I'm telling you is
that Lali has not been raped, that you are
both lying about the
rape okay And you came Ricky Edi and
You told me that even you who have always
had access and ability to ask me
personally so as not to stain a
history full of unknown [ __ ]
I was able to publish something like this.
It's a huge disappointment here, you wanted it to
we followed your story that you
girlfriend had been raped that you do not
They had cheated on you and now you
I feel like now it's all the fault
invention of rape is of alali
Well, it was not the fault of both of them.
It was the fault of the two who sat down and
They recorded the video blaming a kid
Innocent of rape was an idea
It was yours to be Alali's idea for me in those days
audios for me in those audios what is
is telling what Lali is doing
In the first one it is having a good time with him
uncle who is putting the
horns man Ricky does not believe it
start But as soon as he sees that Dallas takes out
his video he sees the opportunity to use that
story against Dallas was authorized to go
against Dallas Dallas released a video
saying I believe it they have it
raped and Ricky didn't believe it Ricky
left her made her put a thread It's legal
Live deer hunting, a kiss, a kiss
eh Ricky didn't believe her then what's wrong with me
You are now telling what Lali La was
that he makes it up and what and what Lali tells him
invent, let's go, I'm not in those audios
seeing that she mentions rape
What she is doing is trying to make sure that she doesn't
catch that they have cheated on him and
She's a liar, she says to her friend, she swears
for your family if necessary I don't know what
I don't know how much but she's not saying
that it was a rape that she is
saying that he has cheated on her
that he has deceived him at no time
She has denied that a vice wabi three
complete series well he made a series
made the video then made a series that
series deleted it and started recording another one
maybe but as far as I know Ricky
she deletes the photos from Instagram
with her he suggests that as he
feels humiliated that she humiliates herself and
put a thread and then take it away
Andorra when he doesn't believe it, he doesn't believe it
believe because in fact there in the very
text says it okay after I read it
testimony of the boy minutes before me
It became clear that she acted in a
Spurned and voluntarily she took her to her
house and recorded a video saying that it was
a
rape and when we said
Because we had proof because we
contacted people from Ali Vale's environment
I was contacted by people who even
was partying with her okay came to
reproach us that we could not put in
doubt that she had been raped that she could not
I tell you to watch this video in this
video what I'm saying is that the
Ali was asking her friends
I would do it again. This was true, huh?
that Ali was asking her friends
to help him cover up the lie and
Now the kid, at that moment we
He messed up, he blocked me and everything now The kid
He wants us to follow his lead now
that it was all her fault and that it was
she the only liar no no no that
She cheated on you, we know that she was
unfaithful and wanted to do it again
we know we know it from the first
moment we said it from day One Worth
In those audios what you are seeing is
making excuses not because I knew I knew
No, because I knew, I thought I didn't.
I was with Ricky No because I drank a lot and
I was up to my neck in poppers.
I don't know if it says poer or something else
Ok, from here on, Ok.
From this moment on I have already given you
My opinion is fine and I have made one for you.
Clarification okay For me it is a fact
objective that these audios do not demonstrate
that she made it up, second, eh yes
she had the idea of
that there was no rape. Okay and three
He got angry even with people who
We said it wasn't rape and that
We had conversations with Rick that day
so wild it left him suffering from dementia
face twisting with laughter face
rolling with laughter apart Is
bringing up a topic that not even now
He was talking himself, he has not come to
story and it will harm you now
I explain why it is worth it for him to be
I was angry with the people we said
Check out my video on the main channel
We said that there were conversations of
Lali where Lali asked her friends is
that I'm going to put it uncle is that I'm going to put it
put
Uncle, I'm going to put it uncle
Look what's going on my kids
about how you and Ricky
Ed if Ricky doesn't catch Lali
Lali would have probably left Ricky
for another boy what has happened here is
that when Ricky caught her, well,
She has cut him off and she has
taken the lie so far that it is no longer
can go back I don't know if I'm
explaining well but I would summarize it in
that in which the lie has been carried so far
away because he felt bad about what
What did he do to Ricky to see him like that?
instead of saying, Hey, look, what's that?
we have to leave because I'm seeing myself
with another guy in fact it didn't fit
history for nothing at any time
apart from saying that he doesn't want to
report it, she begins to tell that
Well, at first she wasn't with
She agrees that her friends will do it later
They were commenting as the days went by
that she was aware that it was
raped when the days had already passed and that
It is completely false that is
completely false not only because
that I put this conversation that will happen
that will have to be confirmed. That will have to be confirmed if
is it real or not but because Lali your friends
That conversation wasn't real But there was
conversations
always similar to all the gossip
What word could I search for?
called by
please eh
aunt
Look, this is not the conversation.
false eh There is a conversation or so this
The conversation they falsified is a
representation of one that is there
real vale And at some point in the video
Watch the whole thing if you want, it lasts 22 minutes.
minutes at some point in the video I say it
Okay, eh, and there they messed up with me.
They came through Twitter, both Ricky and
she both to
lam when I was right but if it is that
I had seen the conversations of
Lali asking her friends to help me
lie to
Ricky and now we don't have to now Aha
Ricky se Aha Ricky feels like he
He is an innocent, okay, he is
innocent and that and that he just made it up
She and he was a poor lover who did not
no no no no You were not a poor person
in love you didn't believe her you left her
and you sent her to Zaragoza okay? And
when Dallas made you a video like
you are more in love with Dallas than with
her then you told her that
I came back And then you continued there
the roll of the
rape is okay dude or so it's not
I don't understand, okay?
Ali Ok's statements
of the
Ali statements of Ali worth These are
Ali Ok's words this is not
words of mine or anything for him
style to give you a little context
that this will be another extract worth it
I will divide it into two because I have already done this.
clarification at the beginning I will leave it long
I don't know, okay, but to give you a little insight
In context, Lali has filed a complaint
of gender violence to Ricky this
It means that Ricky is guilty
evidently noego Ricky crime
taking Alali's phone, well that's it
He acknowledged that this was a crime now.
Justice will decide because Lali has
filed a complaint in Zaragoza to
judged Well being an ex-partner Well
you will go to the women's court
Lila has reported him for domestic violence.
gender and there are several topics that are not said
In the video the girl is on the other side
day that there is
insults, threats and speaking badly to him
There are a series of conversations that are
They contribute apparently because they are not very
appropriate and apart from that there is the
Ricky's confession admitting that he
take off your phone while sleeping
to read him a series of conversations
Don't leave this aside. There is a problem.
also for Ricky who
is that he has given several versions about
the different topic Because first it
recognizes and then goes on to change the
version was not I did not read several
conversations but I heard an audio
No, I didn't register his phone number, but
I looked at it over anyway
and this will be decided by justice if it is
crime if they condemn him or not it's worth it, he does it
What he says is that he records your phone
which verifies in the conversations that
There is an infidelity and that also
asks her to stop talking to her
friends and block them and so on if
wants to continue with him. It's worth my opinion.
I prefer to wait for a ruling.
to give it more extensively it is worth
eh Why? Well, because on the subject of
Tudor for example. Well, I thought not.
They were going to condemn him and they condemned him. Ok.
So, what do I know, let's wait.
that justice decides evidently
Ricky is innocent until justice
say otherwise
but but it has been very clumsy for me no
It's just that I was clumsy, it's that
There is one thing I don't understand, okay? And
is that being
someone reported legally according to you
I advise you to put your tweet with a
a big text from your girlfriend another one with a
text that is that text for me is
Ricky vale I don't know but for me it is
Ricky and charge him with the crime of publishing some
audios in which you are not a participant
He says that he has been advised and that they have
given legal permission I personally believe
that although I may have permission from
one of the parts and then it is not left
nothing or whatever
being a lawyer does not recommend that you
put that tweet I mean if you have one
your ex's complaint to the lawyer Although you
you are right and you can publish the
audios or whatever the lawyer always
He's going to tell you that it's better not to mention it
nothing you mention as little as possible and
not for nothing but it is that in addition
at the end of the tweet it says and I have more if
keeps getting on my nerves or if it continues
publishing or if you answer this I have more
things that show me that I believe
that even she can put one in him
veiled threat or whatever is fine But
Well, everyone should bring their own topics.
want it ok I am not here any
expert
Okay, what does she tell me? Okay, what?
clarifications make me
She who never recognizes herself in those audios
who lied that he invented one
rape okay in those audios no no
no one is inventing anything
rape that she is what she is
lying to him that she has never denied that
He lied to her a lot that she tells me
me eh This is what Lali tells me This is not
an opinion of mine is worth
Hey, she
and was scared by the reaction of
Ricky and that he has never denied that
I lied about infidelity, that's it
He has never denied that she lied to him.
Okay, and you can listen to those audios.
but in those audios he does not say anything
of rape
and that obviously after what happened
these last few days Well there is a
extension to that complaint eh for several
accusations that Lali says that they are going
having to demonstrate OK on the subject
from the house when she says that in a
story she says I live 5 minutes away
We live 5 minutes away. She says she's a
way of expressing oneself that is not literal 5
minutes than in Andorra It is not that it is
huge and obviously everything is
practically close, okay, but not
lives 5 minutes away, not even her
has searched for the house but she has a
real estate agent looked for the house and that no
It's in your neighborhood V So she tells me that
It is not in your neighborhood that you do not run into him
taking the dog out or anything like that
as they have written
is valid regarding the accusation of harassment that
do
She says that this is a crime that
They will have to prove that and that
invites you to do it, so they are not going to
have no proof because it is a lie
that in Andorra there are many cameras and that
If it is true that she has them
persecuted has persecuted them by the
street constantly presented in the
places where they are that they
It will be easy to prove it, okay?
that she is in Andorra because
She meets a lot of people and never goes out alone
partying and much less to look for them
They who have obviously crossed paths
some occasion because in Andorra there is a lot
few
clubs Or they only go to one, that's not it
It has become clear to me I don't know if there is one or the other
almost none of them are worth it but there is a place
Okay
but that obviously never has
pushed or knocked a glass over or
has attacked or anything like that or
Verbally it is not valid either. This is what
she tells me
eh about the cat topic
and she says that there is a statement that
She took in an injured cat and says that
This is a lie because the cat is
they gave away and there are stories in
[Music]
their What are the stories called?
not highlighted and you get in there and
You can see that the cat was not a cat.
wounded cat but rather a cat that
They gave away that they didn't say it in the
announcements that brought the cat into the house
Ricky's without warning says that this
It's also a lie because Ricky
begged to be left alone and another
claim is that he asked the cat to
see him so he didn't care
The cat and then asked the cat
that he would give it back to her so she could go to
See it, okay, this is a lie too.
because in fact when they went to pick up
the cat wasn't her, it was a friend
Okay, about the threats. Okay.
on the subject of threats
accusation of
threat what she explains is that she
A few months ago, well, when I saw that
They uploaded like many stories
rubbing
or to upload photos of The Cat I Subo
Andorra and I'll kill them, okay, but what about this?
It was obviously not literal, which is the
typical that says uncle I'm going to upload it I'll kill him
you understand me Well then Ricky for the
seen he filed a complaint in the
Ok police station with these stories for
Friends, I think I'll kill you by uploading this.
Andorra and I killed him, it was literal, okay?
It was a real threat and that in addition in that
Report this according to Lali, eh that in
This complaint that you
He stated that Ali belonged to a
band
Latina that Ali once went to
make a statement to the police station about this matter
and that they have not given more validity to this
case This was a long time ago and
that has stayed there that no that does not
They have heeded this complaint
Let's go Yes yes, apparently in the complaint
Ricky said that these words were
literal ones from I go up to Andorra and I get them
charge If they keep teaching me wrong The cat
I go up and I kill them, okay? So what?
belonged to a gang
Latina this This is what Ali says
that Ricky put in the complaint eh
And finally about the accusation of
false accusation what Ali tells me is that
This is another false accusation that goes
to have to prove
and all this in an extension of the
complaint eh I mean she goes in the complaint
to add an extension for the issue of
publish audios that do not belong to
Ricky, those audios are not part of the
conversation
and for accusing her so mediatically no
of all these things and everything that
is happening to Lali on her networks in the
last hours that already say it
her when the time comes
and of course here there are accusations of
crimes that she considers to be
that are not true Ok and about the
accusation of false accusation what it says
Ali is that it is obviously a lie that
He has never reported it only now
a few ago
weeks these are statements from Ali
Okay, yeah, I asked for my
opinion man I personally don't know if
if the complaint will have a long run or
No, because I have not seen the contents that
has been included in the complaint
Ok Apparently according to the account
Andy, what there are are conversations of
Ricky speaking badly to him in a bad tone once
series of publications by Ricky and
extracts in which the
insults I remember that there was like a
as an intervention by Ricky in the
I think that's the one where he talks about that
It's not that Ali sucks me off, I don't know who.
I know how much not something like that
No, there are also some insults on Twitter.
and things like that but apparently
There are also some outbursts in some
conversations that this I don't know if it is
true or not this apparently is
presents the
denounces Ricky's confession about the
phone issue and now it's going to
there is an extension with these
things my opinion If I were
Ricky, I think this girl
I would have left at the moment that I already
we cut off the relationship and all that stuff
I would have left the subject, that is, neither
mentions or debates about it or anything
because I think it will complicate things for him
life eh or whatever you want
no matter what happens judicially it is a
problem this
eh I can't imagine any judge giving him the
Ricky is right, let's see, I don't know if he is right.
This is the gravity and the scope
as for a sentence you know but man
They are headaches, they are pains
head is that it was obvious that she was going to
to report at some point too
I said I also said it
eh also
I said but I went to file the complaint before
Of the 3 no, the complaint has not been filed.
with a lawyer, attorney and all that
things in Zaragoza okay It's not in
police station before 3 p.m.
I don't understand anything. I just wouldn't have
I'm stuck, that is, I don't understand the
get into a mess and now it's that it is
impossible for anyone or any lawyer
eh it is impossible for any lawyer to
recommend that you upload those tweets
that makes no sense at all
complicate your life by the face uncle by
the face
That drama began by wanting to deny the
Dallas No man, let's see. It's that for me, eh?
Look how simple it would have been
she cheats on you, she makes excuses, no
is that I was very drunk, I was very
put not what you want until
Then And that's it and out and I don't speak anymore
I don't even talk to him about her or anything for him.
style I don't even talk to him or anything else for him
style, that is, he deceives you, he deceived you
over a weekend and you caught him
some conversations in which I wanted
I wanted to continue deceiving you
meeting with you at what time to
to contradict him
Dallas you start to come back with
her and make videos saying that they have
raped when you don't
you thought you recognized him in a video that
you picked up the phone so what what
even if he doesn't say it in videos
there is no
nothing is that if he doesn't say that
There is nothing in the videos
Uncle and no longer happy with that. If I continue.
with the topic continue with the
topic also made tweet where he said that
was abused made tweet It's that I can't
go on Twitter man I don't know what's wrong with him
today but Twitter on the computer no
It only goes on the mobile, what happens to you?
There is a tweet you can send it to me.
please capture it
It's that I can't open Twitter W lo
I wanted to comment on that but I can't.
I have seen to see if
Tomorrow change the browser what's going on
Dude, I'm trying to open Twitter.
with other browsers and neither uncle O
Twitter doesn't work on a computer, I don't know why.
what he grabbed the cell phone and asked him to leave
keep away from eyes, this is important
takes her away from her
environment we will see if that has the
wingspan sufficient for a
crime I don't know the truth I don't want
cheering on those topics are topics
delicate But all I can say is
which are topics that could have been
avoided is that now Nobody was
Speaking of that topic, eh? Delete the card.
I've done it from the browser too, man.
But let's see Anica, can you send me by
WhatsApp captures that tweet
who tells me because I know there is a
tweet where they made a video on Twitter
There was a video they made on Twitter
where they justified why not
They wanted to report the rapist but
Dallas did not report either.
Dallas do you remember or do you remember that there was
a video on Twitter where they said no to
rapist we are not going to report him because
We don't like complaints but yes
because he has called me an abuser No
never reported Dallas
neither and with all the balls there are
people supporting Ricky because he has
published three audios aut contest
Okay, and there are people giving it a like, and how bad
It's Lali. Well yes, Lali is very bad.
but Ricky is not good either
No, anyway, let's watch this little video, let's not go.
let's watch this little video
And yes, come on, it's 2:20, let's watch this.
video how long have we been live?
hour and a half Yes we see this video ar
Gameplay the dark side of fame being
A successful public figure brings with him
in addition to fame and recognition
an inevitable burden of exposure
constant to the public trial where each
the influencer's movement is observed and
criticized in the Ari Gameplays case
The accusations have not only been for
its past but today its controversies
current ones seem to be more intense Perhaps
fueled by the malice of some
so every false step becomes
a topic of conversation making the
pressure of being in the public eye
a burden difficult to bear is why
that today we are going to delve into the side
dark of fame Ari Gameplays and his
funas let's see Stop getting hooked on things
from the past What the [ __ ] Yes but some
once Costco threw my grandpa away yeah gey
but he's going to get into a fight
What did February have to do with Germn?
In the year 2024, Juan did the unfortunate
announcement about the death of his
Sister did this through
Twitter where he commented that he should go
urgency to Colombia For that reason that
He told his followers about it
that they were not worried or
confused I remember perfectly
that I was in Thailand
at the door of my bungalow
and I sent the WhatsApp to Juan
I sent Juan a WhatsApp telling him
Hey man, I just read that, sorry.
very much and asked that this situation not
was focused on him out of respect for
himself and his family Shortly after
from this announcement by John on that same day
Ari would upload a couple of photos to his
Instagram and this is tremendous
eh, I mean, they start to get involved
like with a cat for having made one
criticism of this
eh And it's that every day that passes you get
your best aunt has died
sister-in-law they said and every day that passes you
you put more good this caused a criticism
massive attack on Ari where she was pointed out by the
way of dressing and showing off on the day of
the death of Juan's sister and
Some even attacked Juan for
having deleted the death notice
of his sister before Ari deleted
Ari's Instagram photos initially
He commented on his networks that he was not going
learn directly from personal issues
that I would return to Stream when I return from
Colombia to celebrate its birthday
This continued to generate comments
negatives of the people who now
They said he cared more about his
birthday that for the
situation of the sister's death
from Juan Ranita who already came with one
very marked position against the
couple initially put a post where
He said that anyone who
mocked Juan about his issue
sister is a psychopath that Juan likes
He falls badly but whoever messes with him
is sick but when Dallas sees that Ari
uploaded the photo on Instagram for the
that they were snuffing her out, he made her one
criticism where he initially made a
analysis of the photo uploaded this photo is worth it
in which by the way it is literally not
she or it's not you this this for
What do you think Ari is abusing filters?
abuse the filters, let's see, I think that
There are many hours in Stream filters yes
You abuse the filters, do you think? Ah, well, let's see.
I don't see it as so different from the others either.
Stream
So obviously he will take his
better profile and all that stuff But you
live you can't put much
filter that let's say has no filter for
the filters to see if you can put on
filters yes you can put filters on
the videos eh In fact I am a filter
This is a Nordic girl and clearly
it's not what you are again yourself
discussion we have had several times
in different videos because there are so many
girls clearly with Latin features who
They try to pretend to be Nordic girls.
I understand, she puts on makeup, she gets surgery
the nose in a certain way becomes
wigs all to look like a race that
It's not yours later Dallas did
emphasis on the fact that Ari had been without for some time
upload photos and it is not constant as
so that precisely on this day he would rise
those photos or so it's been 10 days since I last saw them
nothing was uploaded and the one before that is from the 24th
January, so it's not like you say it's
that I upload content every day and today
I wasn't going to stop uploading clear content
No, it's not like he uploads content once a year.
10 15 and I agree this is [ __ ]
fat, [ __ ], very fat Aries
This has no way out, man. It's that
I don't know if it's a custom
education is worth it, I mean I don't understand it
Damn, no, I didn't put the thumbnail in
straight dude I just realized that
I'm a fool, man, we would have, we would have
had
maybe more people with the miniature
damn 20 days there was a lot of talk
about the fact that the photos had
been scheduled however the same
Dallas took it upon himself to deny this with
what he himself had investigated
He says that on that day Ah had published
a lot of stories And that in addition to
that although you can schedule a post
There is in the photo This is not visible from the PC
but from the mobile you can see that there is
comments that are pinned And these
fixed You can't program them
comments that she has pinned or
She has been attending to these
comments when you posted the photo
and has posted these comments
comments
that is, your sister-in-law has died, uncle who
It's not like a death at best. Look now.
for example if you have a lot of Rose no
with your grandfather, your grandparents, whether you like it or not
we are always supposed to be prepared
for our elders not a brother a
young person Not a person because at the
better was 30 or 30 something years old no no
I know maybe he was in his 20s
I don't even know but it is obviously
a very shocking death Even though it
They saw it coming a long time ago because
they knew I don't know what it is and that day you are
you looking at the photo you uploaded
provocative and pinning comments on
those who you So it is
tremendous, he completely peels it off like
in love with the sheep you look like, I love that one
outfit looks great on you. How pretty they are.
comments that she has manually
fixed with which the silly excuse is
of what will have been programmed does not pass
because she literally manually
fixed hari for his part launched a
statement where she tried to
explain everything that was happening in life is
just a moment and these days What
What I have learned most is that you have to
enjoy it at all times
Sadly the loss of sister
Juan's was something that thanks to his
such a nice family we were already
prepared for this moment in these
days that close circle was who most
It made it clear to us that we have to enjoy it
every day because we don't know when we will no longer
We will be there, don't worry.
What you see on social networks is not the only thing
What's up, I'm playing the role that
I must meet the people with whom I
I must comply without having to give explanations to
no one because no matter how much you explain or
for so many valid reasons that how
people will not be heard
wants to be the avenger of doing what
correct but trying to do good
They end up doing worse, I confirm that
the posts were scheduled but the
The social network I use the most is X and that's where it went from there.
where I myself made the decision to
I deleted it and I didn't move it from Insta anymore.
That's my mistake. Why people ASSUME things.
very silly that they have no sense
I remember always lying, eh Arie, eh
always makes an excuse and lies and
like the other day with the likes
eh always eh always always that
You know about my life Only the
that I want them to know and that will never happen
change here when I get all of me
They treated Mil Amores as always
because they know the person I am and they are
too mature to understand that
My social networks are my job and not
I can leave it standing So I prepare them
I can leave you standing
precisely what we do
we eh man there may be one
situation in which they have no more
balls to upload something that is
programmed imagine a promo worth it to me
agreement that in some circumstances has
There has been a promotion with brands, right? Hey, look.
This happened today but I have to
upload because I have this commitment with
a brand but you can take a [ __ ] photo
upload whenever you want
you can upload it whenever you want
kiss handsome Roman remember you
We are all with 232 members in this
direct That means we are
About 2300 members worth reminding you
everyone that the one that well let's see I don't know
The end of the year is approaching, it's the 9th, man.
That is, it is here just around the corner
corner worth the end of the year would be
It would be nice if we got to
3000 members, I would really be ashamed if
the kids finished this year with
less than 3000 uncle and here today there are 2300
people are your hands eh or whatever
If you suddenly want to take it
give away Well look let's draw ha
given away 20 wen has given away 50 romann has
given away one thing is a little bit
shorter this month no Roman
eh It's a joke the lauti 50 Roy 50 balu 50
okay or so if there were
how are you
people we arrived in a pl to tell them
that tomorrow is my birthday and I'm going to
enjoy my day with people
I want it so that it is not taken the wrong way without
more than adding I thank the
people who always express their good
comments towards me and people
who always write such excuses
uncle find your inner peace
A big hug to everyone, thank you for reading me.
[Music]
the relationship between Agustn 51 and Ari
Gameplays had never been a topic of
conversation since between both of them there is no
there has been direct contact at least
in public, however, this changed
when in March 2024 Ari would give his opinion
about the evening's fight between
career and Augustine where he had Unas
not very nice words about
Agustn the presentation I was there
May God bless you. May it go to you.
very well and let's see, I don't dislike Agustn
times has been very foolish and if I could
to smash Agust's face in one day
I would love to with good vibes no no
because of course this is actually yes
he wasn't a person who was disliked, no
Eh This is a comment that has no
nothing to do with it, I mean, I can tell you the
Uncle South I would love to punch him in the face
like steak illo cachn de illo no
damn how bad
I don't know but
No, nothing would happen, it's nonsense.
billo in plan Guay does not stop
mention even in a good way no but
Of course, being Ari, being Ari, it's like
Nobody wants to accept this joke, you know.
She doesn't like it, she wants to integrate but she doesn't
no no no no people don't want it to be
I understand that I dislike him just like that
It would be cool like suddenly, damn it
It's just that sometimes you say things that make me
I would love to smash your face in but in
good plan in bad plan and of course here
he's making it bounce so that ag
say what you say and do and car can
do that you can car Agustn qui
received a comment in your chat
asking if he had seen what he said
Ari replied that he did not understand how
some people may talk about others
knowing that the other person can
destroy what x people said where not
I pee on them
feet
tyri F a joint tonight tyrion a
see says tyrion says Ty by
Donate or I'll pee on your feet if you want
sleep today with clean feet
each one as much as you can, be it a member
whether it's a super chat about how much it is
minimum that can be given can be given
10 cents or the maximum the maximum that is
The maximum is 50 members, I don't sleep
For two years now, so you see.
your problem is worth it
about if I spoke see what there is to have
you have to have the very good, very good
because I have to admit it for real
there he had given it to talk about something else
person knowing that the other person
can destroy like this literally is something
For example, Mika just gave away 10
members a kiss Mika beautiful that is
had paralyzed the thing thank goodness
You came to save him, Mik, a kiss
queen a huge kiss the goat 51 look at me
Here what I think is that goat 51 of
What he is talking about is a one
infidelity or probably not
surely Not sure you know that gre because
has had what it has had with that
He knows, so Gre will have discussed it with him.
and he will have told him we did I don't know what
we did not know when we went to such a place
That's clear, okay. I think Agustn
51 does not know everything because there is a
part that is not known is fine but of course
Augustine 51 what what if
obviously what to be talking about
This is about the topic of infidelity
it is true and not only that it is true
Now you see Gref and Juan.
I'm going to break your little house in the
Minecraft Oh, I'm going to invite you to the event.
I'm going to put your wife, I'm going to put her
Losam presenter
Man, man, well, you have to have a
little does not know everything because being
friend who owns the fund does not know
not everything knows everything because if not
Even himself
to value is something to value the truth
But well, I'm not going to say that's what you
I say I'm not going to talk about how again
You see, I don't say names, much less can I.
imagine hosts that hit me at my feet
smiling face with smiling eyes face
smiling with smiling eyes face
smiling with smiling eyes kiss Elena
beautiful, thank you so much sweetheart
any person but in general
This little world is the only thing that interests me
They can say that they consider that
are against an opinion of mine or
that is but that is legal you know
Nothing happens And it is
that we remember that Augustine this type of
Threats have not only been thrown at Ari
since he also had some with Juan
similar words Juan gizo you stop from
speak because the day he gets here to
everyone is going to talk Juan Anizo
I should say I curse my [ __ ] mother
to have me
quiet but it is simply that it is
logic without telling you without telling you everything
without telling you everything, eh? And I think that
Agustn knows everything, eh?
and the simple fact that there is something between
Ari and Greev, you can forgive.
infidelity of course that is a decision
Personally, I don't get involved in that, in fact.
It is also not right to blame others.
cuckolded not in this case but to guilt
the person who is unfaithful to you has it
You decide, you can forgive infidelity
It's worth it, you can't do what I can.
I don't see it. It's logical that you put yourself to...
allow to come to Spain to go to go to the
elan Lionel Thank you very much, hey Lionel
another 10 family if everyone gives 10 Yes
all of you who can give away 10
members break the score tonight
Okay
eh those threats had an effect like
Juan never did it again
mention Claro Claro and and Agustn no
Agustn knows, he doesn't know, but that's what you
I say uncle and
the simple fact of the simple fact
of you Forgive what you want your
couple but present The eslan your
couple
Dude, Juan is already there, I guizo him to stop
Talking, what a drag, I don't even know what I see.
who speaks because when he gets into mode
when you put mode What did I see a clip
I saw a clip of Juan Guizo saying
No, I'm not Augustine. Because yes, I am.
Agustn I don't I don't cry nor do I speak
evil of the
of people for talking or anything like that
silly laugh I think I said slap
This man has the high I jumped him like this
Look, you know that I don't hide myself.
what has been said a million times to me, Juaniz
I had no problem with him until
that
Ophelia Ophelia, what have you been here until now?
Ophelia why haven't you come to the
gentlemen
I give you a kiss, gorgeous. Thank you so much.
Well, look at Ofelia, don't say anything.
bad AR Gameplays the kids already
has forgiven you for everything you have forgiven her
You have forgiven her and you love me.
convince us that we have to forgive her
But well, we are sauced, we are
watching a gossip video So
let us enjoy okay Go do your thing
things elsewhere
Uncle Javi, can we change her now?
I'm better today so I hope it's not
nothing
Aunt I hope it's nothing a round of applause and
a very strong affection all the chat no to
Ofelia who is sick that Ofelia never
The Ofelia family never fails every night.
He comes by and gives us his 10 members
cuer Thank you very much Ofelia and everyone
Those of you who are giving away things out there, I got involved
with tortilla l The boy took it and said
That it was the psychologist Juan, okay, eh, weird
and then when I went to greet him in
the evening I think was or an event where
I was going to see him in person Ah in the
Esland Awards: The guy was ultra mega
dry with me like I don't know very dry
He was very dry with me, he was a guy who
gave up was the first person to
person the first time in person where
I went to say hello to one and really
I felt like saying who I am greeting
a coworker or Alvis Presley
What is this we are going to
[Music]
see no We are going to cover the whole
development of the controversy between Ari and
windy since we have hundreds of videos
where everything that happened between is exposed
them but many thought that there was one
good relationship between both
mainly because at the end of 2023
at the fortnite Rubius event
Windy to be invited last
tournament participant
og of fortnite this Saturday at 8
the afternoon is nothing
plus Lionel another member of the family
The kids are strong today, I hope.
looking forward to the next Stream on
I'm watching the grandfather say it on TV
The kids have been left in a bad state, like Moa.
the kids saw you, [ __ ] me
mark right now jorio Here they go and no
I do it because of what the guy who told me
I was going to urinate on my feet but because you
I love the content and a question for you
Sometimes you don't get angry about what people tell you
people who sometimes get angry at me
Let's see, at first yes, but now it gives me
It doesn't matter much to me anymore
Look at all the mistakes I have made
could have committed here are public there is no
nothing that is not known about me that I have
fact that they could leave me badly or that
I could not justify or or that I did not
have an explanation that I know all the
dick Okay and really people say it I
I believe for others
you know factors but no no no it's not that no
There is nothing like that that can even affect you.
topics that cross personal lines and
others coming from who comes to me
my matter
community, I care about those of you who are here
here with me who are the ones who are the ones who are
You have to be here with me so that
this continues or this will be here until
that you are known then Those
They are the ones who matter to me what they tell me
that the bad ones have bad accounts and
others Why are they going to tell you if they are
trying to hurt you They will tell you what
may not give them the most they can
neuron but thank you very much Suso Play
Hey family, it is true what you said.
Georgio says, "Right now the scoreboard is on."
It shows me 272 members and this is a
bacile for tomorrow for the lady eh Me
I love this rush of getting here and
tell you about the
Gentlemen, they're going to piss on you, huh?
I also opened it to you, eh Lionel Muchas
Thank you, Your Honor, when I tell you that
You have given away almost 300 members here
Today they are going to give away 400 that I don't
Change the subject Javier, I'll watch you, kiss
handsome and nothing less
Guys I've decided not to be bad I want
be good so windy you know that the
Your Honor is better. Well, I think that the
kids have come here to give away almost
1000 members a day
No, I don't think there are almost 1000 members.
They came to give away one night here
you guys eh [ __ ] today we're going to today we're going to
almost 300 uncle we are talking about that
we would be in
2400 and something
eh Let's see if it can be 3000 before
that the year ends first time to participate
Now as a personal challenge, eh, I mean because the
Most of you are Latino and there are 3s
cents members do not put that on it
uncle in my tournament and I hope you accept my
invitation to play a Squad together has
It's been a while but I think it's arrived
the moment Many thanks to windy
also by wanting to participate I understand
that after everything that has happened
I wouldn't want to do it but it seems like something to me
beautiful and I think it can change a lot
things ar commented that made him excited
seeing that they included it didn't change anything, that is
Ari really hasn't been windy
I saw Delox's podcast again.
talked about talked about Ari and Juan and little
more windy in events and that all this is
A good ending for her I have to say
What does Roberto say to me? 50 50 subs 250
50 subs already Roberto But if you put a VPN
and you say that you are from Argentina
costs
less the kids beat us but they are
cheaper but don't see what they get
It costs a like It's true the like Yes in
The kids are very selective in that
in that movement that by the way you are going
to put some VPN is worth it if you are going to
put some vp on it
computer I would ask you to come to
the one I promote unless
Okay, you have it here and here, here you have it
my link Ok and you do it through
My link Ok, that's where it will put you.
Someone, some moderator out there, is going to tell you
put the link ok that method doesn't work
Yes, it serves illusion Even if you don't
create because you invent things
you spin in your head but it makes me very
illusion that it's windy eh but that's what it is
I tell you, yes, yes, yes, that's worth it.
for games Yes yes yes I recommend it
VPN issue Because it's more secure that way
Surfing and all that stuff is fine but
but apart from that it would be crazy that
Here it suddenly starts to rain 50
members 50 50 50 okay I say it all
I say it with my heart in my heart
hand Eh I feel like it's like a closure of
In fact, what happened between Windy and
Ari Suso, you bastard, how am I going to tell you that?
Now suddenly in a moment then that
I'll do the bulea a little and then at the end
Windy became obsessed with Ari when Ari was already
I asked for forgiveness and so on
Okay, Ari was very cruel to him, he criticized him.
things that she later ended up doing
I have a video over there called
Windy is obsessed with Ari Gameplay
or something like that is worth it. In fact, if we were to get to
3000 members in this live we see
any video in which they are mocking me
super thick
mm Me what
I know man This one doesn't this one this one has
It seems that he ridicules me well, I don't think so.
put that hair there no
demands I think this would be this
It could be powerful if we reach 3000
members tonight no
eh of season not with me but What
Father, that thefts have included it gives me
I like it, I think it was about time.
I think it was about time this dog was here.
Yes, exactly, Tiffany. I hope it goes very well.
how cool is it that it really gave me a lot
I liked it, I already knew I was going to be there because
When I entered the discord I saw her in the
list I said ah however not everything
seemed to be 100% fine between the two
since at the beginning of 2024 we had the
Windy's statements on the podcast
without fear of success where windy revived
the topic of what happened between them
including Juan Windy was obsessed
with the 399 windy he keeps putting the girl to bed
399 Windy is jealous of him and that was all
the opposite, that is, everything they tell me
By the way, Windy took the
blockade by then I will have
blocked again now that I got into a fight
With Delox they used it to put me on
how La Mala Ose unblocked me
Then it was desperate because no
it didn't matter what I did as if it didn't matter
I had someone to defend me and I felt
as alone And it is that Ari at the time
had commented that he had apologized
with Windy saying that when she
was going through an illness
He wrote to him privately to ask him
apologies and then there was a moment that the
They had to have an operation and I sent him a
message and I tweeted him telling him
see you in this situation and see the
comments from people who still know
keeps mocking me makes me realize
how bad I was and that's why I want
ask you for a public apology and hopefully
can you excuse me for what she did
ignored as if it had not existed
that never however windy in the
Delox podcast confirms that
Indeed Ari wrote to him for
private and that she followed her again
There was a point where I got sick and she
He apologized to me, I think that was how it was
for 2018 2019 and I accepted the
sorry I followed him on Twitter and
As I said, well, I am a person
No. So I do accept the apology.
I didn't remember this, it's spiteful, I can
give a chance a chance to see if
there is a change in the person but the
Windy herself confirms that little time
then he realized that both of them
referring to Juan and Hari were
going back to speaking ill of her but what
A week passed and then they
Two are already talking badly about me then
I saw that those apologies were not
genuine clear and what is the proof of
This then I sort of took the
follow and y
[Music]
Ari's whole relationship with Bin was something
that at the time many could not
have predicted due to the
such different personalities of both
However, they managed to forge a
friendship that included auron and
Juan Hey Merry Christmas guys to you
[ __ ] Merry Christmas Merry Christmas don't you
you speak
[Laughs]
So look at what friends you have Ari
Look at what friends you have, what shame
after the famous vacation in
ibisa in which both couples
they shared friendship in some way
became even stronger and in fact Ari
had a few words regarding villin
saying that it was one of his best
Friends: Well, I'll tell you, Nubia is one of my
best friends I say is because I have
quite a few Well I have I have like four
because I already consider Rivers better
friend too, then there are four of them now
girlfriend well well I don't have five Clau that
She is my daughter too and no In fact I have
six because Camila and you also
I consider her one of my best friends and well
Now rivers then there would be six I have
quite a few good 10 [ __ ] your mother no
I'm not going to tell you [ __ ], no man.
neta one wants to open up with you and
They are very cheeky but during the funa
From Auron and Vin this situation would change
until today where friendship already
there was no return And that is the beginning
All this came from the hand of certain
clips where people associated the attitude
of hari with wanting to break away from vin
I block Bin and give Chis a hug.
and I leave Pari with Rivers this
would take
Holy [ __ ], I hadn't seen this clip.
I don't remember having mentioned it, or rather,
gives a kiss to Cris, that is, puts it on the
last of them all
I give Cris a hug and leave
Pari with rivers this would take even longer
form when Ari talked about how the
friendships end and there are many
things behind everything that people don't
you know But there are times when they don't follow and
There's nothing wrong with being followed
because I think that all of us here have
past that we have friends and we stop
we saw that one here, well no
It sounds like I've mentioned it, huh? Which one?
It's the difference. Well, I am a
public figure who perhaps These
Friendships come to have more numbers than
me and that's why I'm already a creep
and I'm already interested and well in the end
from social media accounts I also
I dedicate myself to the same thing. It's normal for me to
hanging out with these people it is normal that
In the end, I agree with this.
People, I don't want to get to a point alone
like I wanted to tell you that they
I say there are many things behind everything.
I know it's very easy to see us and believe that
something is happening or taking something for granted
but there are many many things behind this
friendship many questioned it including
Dallas who in one of his videos
He commented that this friendship was
completely false on Ari's part and
Juan to have friends like the ones he
have auron or billin better not have
enemies because you don't need them he knows
suppose he had many little friends whom
which gave them a lot of fame
little friends with whom he went on trips
They posted posts like Oh how good
friends that we are are our best
friends still like those who are precisely
the bad moments in the moments
really screwed up in which those friends
They show the kind of infected garbage
that they are like people because this is
Basically the friends who had auron
and villin pure interested bad
people and some fake pieces of
be very careful all this caused him a
massive funa to Ari who on social media
They said that the same thing was going to happen with
rivers who said that now is his
best friend and there were those who pointed out the
past tense of hari bringing windy to
collation saying that it had been a
hypocrite with her and despite the fact that
had approaches in the future
friendship was never the same again
further
[Music]
with the end of the relationship between Hari and
Juan with what we saw facing the
public seemed to be that there was a very
good relationship between both but the
first action occurred At the time of
Announcing the separation was a Story
uploaded by Ari with the song I
Want To Break
[Music]
Free Ari started receiving attacks from
part of many people who
They began to offend for having done the
clip that we saw previously situation
which made Juan come out to talk about
the topic and ask that they not attack her this
shur esia or is it the
shur this sh is ia or is the sh because me
You're really getting on my nerves, eh, I mean, we have
canceled the newscasts because it hasn't
people liked that I put it in
the news that is like man [ __ ]
you find a way to have each other all the time
informed gossip day every day
That's clear, I say, well, here, here.
so you have news every day
and besides I can continue working on
the main videos in the live shows
and all the stuff, that is, because people
It is believed that when I put those
newscasts with a lesser job
that Javi No, Javi is already touching his balls and
How not my son if I can't do it
news every day because I am
making the main content that I
I make it the main channel
direct on both channels no but no
No no, they don't want AI, no.
They want the AI. Then what I told you
To the Editors I say do not do more
Make more newscasts, I won't be able to.
record them I think the newscasts
I'm definitely going to leave them
tried it every way and it doesn't work for me
It works, man, I think that's what they're there for.
eh others who do it Eh and like it more
that mine and that's it and I to my
contents Yes that one but I have tried it
I have tried making a separate channel
making bringing it here
But
Okay, I'll stop uploading it, man. No no.
I think I'll do more
I saw the news these days, I would be lying if
I'm not telling you that I've read very bad comments
ugly towards Ari and as I mentioned
that day and I mentioned it again later in
my insta stories not in the group of
Insta spread man Thank goodness
kcc kc m kc gives us good gifts it is done
member because you had already been at least
two minutes without anyone asking you eh la
It is true that I was
sad in tortilla lantes Who will they be
guests because in the editions
In the past it was Bin who invited now that
She is not with Auron, I don't know if it will be like that or
idea to see I imagine they will be
invited first those who already participate
and maybe some new member won't
I like my name to be used or this
situation to throw [ __ ] at her
because he does not deserve it or merit it
I mean, if they're going to send good vibes my way.
Well, send good vibes to Ari too, or or
just don't throw anything at him and vice versa
There is no need to fall into those
bro things I swear there are no
need if I am neither angry nor
annoying and we are both fine because
because what had to happen happened, no
you have to fall into those things, it's true.
There is no need to say what I tell you sometimes
things are simpler than they seem
and they are simply things that happen and
full stop can also be ignored
but what made the situation between
both intensified more was the clip
quite famous where we saw Juan with
Juan so they can find you in your
social networks Juan that guarnizo and so on
Okay
[Music]
Perfect. Hello, I'm Milica. I have to.
tell my age
all mainly these people [ __ ]
No, we are clear about that, no, I mean, it's that
there is still like like like debate no
Regarding that, of course, let's see the
Men can have female friends, I am a
man I've always had more friends
that friends I always got along better with
women who with men
Uncle It will be because I am half a joke it is
joke is a joke joke joke no no but yes
Yes, I get along better with women.
that with men I have always had
few friends or very good male friends
eh a little eh a little a little I don't know I like them more
I feel more women
I agree more I don't know yes yes yes
I wouldn't know how to explain why but I
I feel more like
I like it I don't know it's just that men tend to
have [ __ ] right you throw me the
Men, you don't feel more understood, yes
yes yes
yes literally it is like that eh it is that
Normally men tend to have one
some conversations Maybe some
tastes some Hobby I don't know I like
more being with
women it's true it's true I've had
very few friends who are men of O
whether they are friends when they are kids
even not male friends eh what what
be my best friends no I mean to be
together and talking every day
whatever few eh Very few very few
very
few are very few very few eh A lo
better are they finally got it
they broke finally won destroyed
to someone who was always doing
newscasts but grandpa they are fine
newscasts with AI But it would be nice if
in person will start and finish
greeting you, you want to see but it is
that is worthless. What for?
Do you want that if they go to I think that
newscasts are not profitable because
I spend more money than I do between the
editor and the thumbnail that then the
video maybe a newscast that goes
well it has 30-40,000 views and is doing well
eh because normally when there is the
weak news is less no but
See, it's like that, eh, I mean, I'm very, I don't know.
I don't know how to explain it, honestly.
who told me
explain who explains it to me but I
I feel more identified in the way of
to think and understand and I don't know how to [ __ ] around
It's just that I don't want to say something funable, no
No no no it is not a matter of feminism, it is a matter
women are usually more
lists that men
Women are more likely to be more
lists that the
Men Say what
[Laughs]
Do you feel you are more Maruja, no, but I don't know?
It's just about the topic, Maruja, I'm going for a
raincoat
from the associations they made
many about the photos that Milica uploaded
after if they invite you to
tortilla Lan would you say that
Yes, let's see, it's not something that calls me
especially attention as
maybe maybe if they invited me
Well, you would get the itch, not that
They invite you to such a famous thing and
reject it not for saying host and if it is
rejection and I miss this train and it was
very good and maybe I would feel like
the obligation to prove but it is not a
thing that licks me mainly a lot
attention nor do I have time to spend
in that I would have to remove it from others
things 100% worth And you would have less
content in something else but clear to the
invite you to something so big not so
famous because it is quite likely that
that you cannot reject it by saying how
I'm going to reject this because it might
open a door no but it's not mine
passion for making gameplay content in
these moments at least
Javi, men have always been
educated so that we do not reveal our
weaknesses then among men no
we have deep conversations no
we talk about feelings with women
Yes, well, you like gossip.
women face rolling with laughter I
I understand things more like most people
of women, I think you are more suitable for
Marbella Vice Yes yes maybe yes maybe
Yes, eh, I would say that I understand myself better with
women with the majority of women eh
I mean, no, with everything. I mean, I don't know, but
I agree badly then a lot or so but that's it
It's always been like this in my life, eh?
I made it when I was a kid
and it wasn't because FR was cold in sleep
but it was that I was more in the
group of the
girls not of girl not of girls when
Little one, you play with beards and all that.
things no no that no already as a teenager already
that we went up and down or what
Let it be me with my group of girls
not being left smoking our cigarettes
not our liters talking about ours
things of course not about guys or things about
those but about gossip about things in life
of studies I know you know no no no no
you are not understanding me, you are not understanding me
You are understanding that men usually
have tastes that are not mine or
maybe it was the kids who had
to go see Betis Well, I don't give a damn
the [ __ ] to betis What do you want me to do?
say
I don't know, no
I know the clip we saw earlier is this one
Juan V's dog has this mark that is
Here I understand you, you are not FIFA, of course something
so the previous photo by
Betti's fans are going to denounce you
What's going on, what's going on, long live Betti Man?
lose eh but it's not that but it's not
of my interest are not my interests no
are my
eh I've tried eh I've tried it
From football, I've tried the thing.
football just like I tried you liked it
be the center of attention but not
I think that has something to do with it, eh, I tried
football just like I tried the
brotherhoods okay I have my uncle that my
uncle has a cool boat which is the boat
most important friar of Seville you know or
Sea Lazar is the most powerful bar in the
the most powerful free ship there could be
not in Seville if you go to Seville go to
bar a saar
and my uncle took me out and pointed me out
Nazareno to the line to get out there myself
dressed as a Nazarene at 3 years old, no, no
I don't want this, you know I don't
interested And then I have another uncle okay
he is
Sevilla fan Sevilla fan is worth it and football
I don't know that every Sunday there is football
I know what And he bought me My suit from the
Sevilla my my kit not from Sevilla
my Sevilla ball and took me
came to take to the football match
Seville And the truth is that I didn't give a damn
dick be what I care if he's playing
other people not me it happens to me a bit like
with the Gameplays you know, that is, with the
Gameplay I say well Okay, well maybe
It's fun to play but I'm not going to watch
a person playing a video game
TRUE
if I feel like it, I'll play
I myself
you understand No
Mames By
Please, I just told it, [ __ ] you Ju la
[ __ ] who peed is It's that how you don't learn
he's throwing himself at the dog. What's it like?
This is possible if he sleeps on top of the dog.
whether it is on top of the dog or the dog is
sideways like that no I mean it's not like
side or what it has on top are the
bangas Aha This is the brand of the
little dog side like this I I When I was just
I saw this photo the first time and thought that
It was a coj but And now that I
They killed the photo of the dog with the
mark Yes me too cut you when
you just have an affair with someone
you let him take pictures with your dogs
Well, they are a good pair of dogs, aren't they?
We know if it was this or something else
situation that they [ __ ] up
They [ __ ], which led to Ari liking it.
post where men were attacked in
general or also the controversial like al
tweet that revealed the situation between
Juan and Milica where it was mentioned that
after a rel Ari knows this he knows this
you know it, you know it, they all [ __ ] like a 10
years just 4 days later they began to
circulate photos taken in bed that
both shared Ari tried to deny
the situation stating that the like was
false and advised his followers not to
believe everything they see on the internet
He also clarified that he was addressing this
topic now because I didn't plan to do it
live broadcasts in the future are
tastes for example it is better to see gossip
that living them crying with laughter is
true eh That is true
eh That's true eh guys They are telling me
mocking on Twitter for calling a black man
a black guy me You really know this
is from
true So the crying the other day
that they were what was that circus that was
what cries he started
Hello Javi, I'm here to
to inform you that they have founded the
hacker It's that I'm interested in the hacker thing
They are saying that they have banned the hacker
that that that that he fought with Dallas or
who was like threatening Dallas no
recently and there is a video here that has
a very cool miniature
[Music]
but
It's not that I didn't deal with the subject from the
first moment or the hacker first
In fact, there are issues that are
They're leaving me because I'm involved with others but
the the the
hacker first had a problem
with Cris
No. That is, first he had a problem with
Cris
Green and
then and then the thing about d later but
Of course I didn't try any then
Now I suddenly see that they are
Ruling out the hacker is not very Yes
very convenient man no then good
c canano there was an interesting situation
and it was that Juan did a live show with
Comanche at Hooters This is what it feels like when
bark like an idiot just like we are giving
literally what we feel when
we went out with him and it is that shortly after
This clarification Ari made a broadcast
live wearing a uniform
hooters something that raised suspicions of
that Ari did it on purpose
the CP we saw earlier during this
straight
The hamburgers are also delicious
there
Guys, what the hell is going on there? I don't know.
what the [ __ ] is
eat They have good
It looks amazing. What a shame I can't.
get into the [ __ ] shitty community today
no, we are not more than 000 already
surely
No, hey, the black man who told me answered me.
I said black
He answered me on Twitter, but he said it.
He has taken it well but tomorrow we will see.
I can't, I can't get on Twitter
uncle more than 1000 eh more than 1 in the
community eh yes we believe it when we
Milica started crying live on air
kcu for the photo he uploaded in bed
Juan saying that it was a lie and that he didn't
I could be friends with other streamers without
that they said anything
hasn't asked anyone Kevin Hey
Sharon tell me Lena was in your group
friends you won her over with your friendship yes
Yeah
Yes, the hamburgers are tastier than
hari [ __ ] man don't give hamburgers to anyone
no joke, the best chicken wings
that I have ever eaten in my life in jute Ah but
That is in Spain. I have not seen that in
Spain never in life where there is in
Spain listen to me Lorena was
best friend of a friend of mine who was my
best friend at that time that the la
She was the girlfriend of a friend of mine, that is, one
one of my colleagues from the group of
guys, okay, from when, kid
He had a girlfriend for a long time He had a
girlfriend I don't know And then I became
best friend
friend of the girlfriend when they broke up
that what it was
kid, I mean I had more relationship in the end
with her than with him, that is, it is a
very long story okay but it is
Basically, I had a friend from all my life.
the life of the kids not the group of
friends of kids No, well one of the
closest I had a girlfriend with whom
It lasted a long time because when they cut
I had more friendship with the girlfriend these
comments make me feel ashamed a kiss
and
Ar and then Lorena was
and Lorena was the best friend of this one
This girl who became better
my friend for many many many
For many years I was even godfather to his
son and then Lorena was there
was from his neighborhood in the neighborhood of the
girl and she was no no because of course
it was it was I was throwing the rod
from the first moment, the first one
I threw him the rod I threw him the rod
from the first moment and I took me
He would start talking to her and pick up on her
phone and I put myself in the background
screen on your
mobile one day you
I will tell you to see, teach you to conquer, no no
one day you
I will tell you about your current situation
you always liked clo How not how not
clear man how not and mentioned that he has
been going through a whirlwind of
emotions feeling Sometimes at the top
and other times in the background Well the truth
It's that I have felt that I have gone down a
a little bit of weight but friends let's see, that is
really understand me I always come and
I try to put on my best face, I think.
that really makes a lot of jokes
That trick works, no, it wasn't a trick, that is.
For example, I don't give the girl a try.
I was trying to flirt, that is, I was actually looking
Look, eh, that is to say, they believed themselves
They started to believe that it was me
I wanted to get up or that I wanted to have
something with her or that we were involved that
we had something because we were black-headed
together I say the friend we do not weigh tord
together going everywhere and maybe
we were hitting each other in the car all night
smoking cigarettes listening to the radio
Chatting you understand me Instead of complaining
colleagues no no no no no s no no no in
Seriously Nica Nica, yes, yes, there was someone
who I saw as a friend Was like a friend and
point I don't
I was interested in showing it in a way
vulnerable to you, you know
that I am a person who has a thousand of
feelings besides that I am very
sensitive and usually leave as
that they see me when I'm bad when
I'm sad and all that but they have been
like many stages in all this time
I think it's been like very long months
chaotic from feeling a lot of
feeling little of being on top of
be down where one day I wake up With
more desire to do things and other days
I really just want to be
lying and and and flowing in my bed has been
months of reading a thousand things Ari comments that
has been going through a lot is going little by little
little mentions a song about healing the
heart and says they have tried
involve her in controversies but that she
has kept himself out of all that
But there really is a lot
happening no Ugh it just came to me
the head to heal when he said it
to heal when Ricky told him
Little princess, they heal your hole.
quite likely that little princess will sue
To Ricky, that's also true.
eh How scary to unlock the phone and see
your young face worse than a movie
terror Javi when you were young you were uglier than
a refrigerator in the back but not that much eh or
let's see, let's see, no
so much I've already started to fix it I'm talking about
Already from the time when I began to see
wait there is a photo that was like look
If I find the photo I'll tell you what photo it is.
I put it on my cell phone because I remember
That's exactly what we would be talking about
Surely if I find the photo I will send it to you.
I put it because I remember perfectly
the photo that I put in the
mobile is that I remember perfectly
the photo but
Of course, damn it, that photo is what I
I agree perfectly with the photo but
I don't have those photos anymore
eh I lost the photo
I lost the [ __ ] This happened to me man I have
to talk about it with my father because
I lost Look if you see these are not photos
mine okay Javi and And if you see look 2003
2004 and 2018, that is, I'm missing all of them here.
the photos of my adolescence of the
kid all the photos of me
adolescence of
kid was ugly you evolved that's it
a factor no no no no but let's always see
not for example here not so bad either
no buo Yes yes really yes really yes
yes yes indeed yes true yes yes yes in
true yes
and I don't dare to open any
Eh Ah Well look here here it could be
I started with her basic mother
Mine, I'll catch you, I'll steal your wallet
Hey
[ __ ] but he grabbed you and robbed you
the [ __ ]
[Laughs]
Hey
God this was my car eh Well before it has
My car that was in also left
black but I painted it like that
oh my goodness mother
My father, my poor uncle, the real one
Javier canijo Yes yes of course here all the
world [ __ ] me for the little one
Of course, God of my life, God of my life.
eh, I mean, my poor mother
Hey, my poor mother, what a great idea.
paint it like that discreetly, I hardly
stopped the
Police, a kiss Sebastian, thanks for
those 50
member, then you can believe it
you can believe it
what a mother of God she is so cool
It's not really cool, no, and if you give it to me
the yellow car counts but the
matte silver mirrors on your ceiling
black God of my life
Uncle God of my life another 50 Sebastian
but Sebastian just gave away 100
member
kid Sebastian just gave away 100
members eh I want to feel your
body but would have to recover all
those photos uncle from all those years that I
missing eh What a shame eh can you believe it
that
that what crossed my mind
Paint the current car, the BMW, like that.
color What happens no no what happens
It's just that no
No, hey Sebastian, man. Thank you very much.
but the whole chat is already giving it a
applause no
But you know that the 100 members of
Sebastian who will surely have done the same
you've done the VPN thing Sebastian
you have done the
trick, that is, we have quietly done it
400 member now I tell you when
finish
count another 50
Sebastian and Trianero 5 no no no no the
people going crazy
no no no no no no no no seriously rain
of members suddenly
here but don't abandon us damn it
I abandon you I love you I love you
I love you I love you I love you I marry you
you
[ __ ], [ __ ], dude, but it's that
That's 400 members, not even that much anymore.
It means that today I won
15 that the ladies do not
intimidate Well, I don't rule out that I know that
get a curious piquillo tomorrow
When I tell you this, eh, because they are not
of letting yourself be trampled on, I'm telling you, of course.
is that let's see we are talking about that
Your Honor has been facing some challenges for a few days now.
quite thick now you arrive
with this nonsense of
today I don't see
another 50 Sebastian another 50 no no no no
The VPN was not installed in Venezuela because
less
eh No no no no but let's see Anica Anica
I need you to send me an audio
Anica with him
that with which you convince everyone
world today
Anica that everyone does the same thing
Sebastian and they are here to
give a present
members of the same form in
plan to make a rain here
members of Anika, 50 by 50, that is
My future depends on you today, Anika
My future depends on you, today I leave it Anik
in your hands and if Anika gets it
we see this
video If Anika succeeds we will see this
video I am this person all the time
but well I think I think that's where we're going.
I'm putting effort into everything there is one
Taylor Swift song that basically
says how to do it with a broken heart
A broken heart can mean many things
things or simply like sometimes not
You walk at 100 and I feel like that's me
right now literally giving Giving my all
when there are many things Look at the ha
touched Tania again Tania
Congratulations
Congratulations Tania, passing by but I'm very
I am really very very happy
I'm happy and I think you can see that I am
as cool as my roll I have also
It seems that they have tried to smear me
in controversies lately and there is mention
mine of some topics like that I think that
You know that I'm very much in my own thing
Sometimes I can't even turn on Stream like I
I would like to and I just kind of pass
Now, of all things, Juan is on his side.
live while preparing for
moving house got excited remembering
the many special moments experienced
In that place he commented that it had been a
home full of happiness and memories
for him I can't Oh damn it's a very place
special the verga is a very place
special many things happened here
I always believe that when I started
to stream that streams at my house
dads always
[Music]
prioritize because Tania is a bigger fan of the
guys guys Sebastian just
give away another 50
members T T T you
Right now Sebastian has just given away
another 50
members right now the kids are
Sebastian's
man right now the kids are
Sebastian Chaval
to the eyebrows face crying with laughter face
crying with laughter face crying with laughter
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time feeling
cold If you
I want to feel your body with me
mine because my soul has no time
being cold If you
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time if
I'm cold if you feel cold
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time
feeling cold if you want it
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time being
cold If you
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time
being cold If you
I want to feel your body with me
mine because my soul has no time if
I'm cold if you feel cold
you want I want to feel your body next to
mine because my soul has no time
being cold If you
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time
being cold and you
you want I want to feel your body
to mine because my soul has no time if
I'm cold if you feel cold
you want I want to feel your body with mine
because my soul has no time being
cold If you
I want to feel your body with me
mine because my soul has no time
feeling cold If you
you want I want to feel your body of mine
because my soul has no time being
cold if you want it
I want to feel your body m
my Sister Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
sorry they had sent me an audio that
They had stated that it was important and urgent
and I was listening to it but I could
having heard
Hey, but listen to me, you [ __ ].
madness eh [ __ ] madness eh
to go down to a place that would make me
happy and it's something I've always
prioritized when it comes to having these
places this was a very happy place
stupidly happy place the truth is that
I cry not because of something negative but
because I remember him with much love.
Thank you for these years here I hope you
accompany you in whatever comes in the
next few years in my new studio in my
new house in that new stage of my life
and thanks for everything really
Thank you for being such a community
badass so kind so pretty so so
unconditional but this situation is not
stopped here since Ari through
videos on tiktok were in charge of throwing it away
that many pointed out as indirect
for John
See you later See you later See you later
Until
then See you later See you later See you later
then See you later eh See you later See you later
then See you later See you later
then See you later
See you later See you later
members
[Music]
553 I don't have
words I have no words
Really, eh, I have no words at all.
Eh, for a while now and I lowered it to anyone
cat pretending that he is fine saying that
and in less than a
night month
in
This caused a wave of attacks on him.
Ari tried to deny this in the
Ari expanded on these TikTok responses
plus his live response where he said
that the song is not like people
you see it and it is easy to associate any
song to any situation but that
get really angry and criticize me
and I'm told things for uploading on TikTok
by tiktok audios literally yes
we would like any song from tiktok
talk about what you talk about if you want you can
imagine
with a kiss and I'm freaking out, man 578 eh
body 578
who else has been affected 578
Dude, I don't know, this seems really heavy to me.
today
No, but it seems to me that Sebastian is the one.
YouTube owner to be taken for granted
but this guy is getting ass
there is no free
Another guy is getting it for free, eh?
It's coming out for free, there's no other guy than
I don't mind it
I don't think so
I think uncle you can
believe that all the chargers take me
from here
I want your
body now [ __ ]
but I'm not 620 it marks me no
I think we are up to the task
This Stream guy is
normal enough for this madness
No, Ignora, it has touched you and you did not know that
m could also me
play but at any moment we will
having more members than viewers
Javi's song
Comanche 628 is marking right now no no
deserves jav admit it georgio shut up you
You have not given away 500 members as has
given
Sebastian but listen to me, you have to be so careful
I saw you but listen to me how is it possible that
with 628 new members in this live stream
there are people in the chat who don't like it
has touched someone explain it to me
Look Sebastian, people are you
people love you
love anything literally can
imagine a story of my life with
any song of any kind or
whether I speak of I don't know There are so many
songs friends literally from
Any song can be deduced something
But that doesn't mean I'm going to stop living and
I'm going to stop uploading tiktok and I'm going to
stop listening to songs and I'm going to
stop putting them because I'm afraid of
what people are going to think or what is going to happen
imagine the people Or if people are going to
believe that it is a hint or if people
He thinks I don't know what nonsense is anymore
Ari also mentioned that he doesn't judge people.
people for the songs they upload now
which he considers to be nonsense adds
that other people are allowed to do
do anything but her
truth is nonsense I do not follow
I think it is the application that most
I use
tiktok This guy has given others
50 that guy has given another 50
family that uncle has given another 50
members we are talking about here already that
rapier
happens we are talking here about what has
given away another 50 and he is the only one who is
giving away member
Uncle is the only one who is giving away
member is tanking javel puny he
right now it's yours right now Javier
puny or rather, he could if he wanted to choose the
content that we upload tomorrow or if he
says Suddenly
Hey, I don't know, cut the live stream.
we cut it, the channel is yours now
same but this guy is already the one
owner of YouTube or something doesn't make sense
We are talking about 658
members
662 calls me now, that is, we are
Speaking of which we update the bar yes
before finishing the live show
we update the bar we are talking about
that quietly in this live it is
quite likely to reach the
3000 members is not the son of a minister
but uncle what
Come on Giorgio, you left Braga behind.
but this guy sebasti yatra
Hey Anica, you sent the
audio Anica you have sent the audio or
where are you going to convince people of
that this live is the one of the
3000 The kids are much better than the
Your Honor, but how do I explain this to you?
Your Honor tomorrow
Hey, but that was very derogatory.
for me
No, that has been very dry for me, no, I don't
you have left it as if aside not there
You did not send that man today.
but you have sent it to see let's go
listen to it I don't
comes out [ __ ]
been infiltrated in the
gentlemen among 500 He has not told a lie
600 members say the salseria is closing
and is left alone with the
gentlemen allow it
gentlemen of our rib so
So kids, we have to whistle here.
the members channel eh And leave
the lady
because the kids are their Porres
We are their joints, the ladies are the ones from the
who tells his stories we are
the kids in the park but of the
joints come on guys to Don we are yours
porr but but how do you
you dare But how dare you command
That audio Anica, how disrespectful
for kids
I mean, but have you seen that it works?
5050 more [ __ ] but if it is only that
is giving away
Sebastian uncle
692 members brand right now
I need this I need an explanation
Hey, we are their joints, it's the worst defense.
that heard in life eh Anica we are
your joints I think I have a gossip By
TRUE
you have seen YouTube may have a
gossip eh For after that video eh And
Let's react to that hate video
But we may have some gossip. Oh, it is.
I can't open Twitter, damn it, anything.
f f
In total I follow a choir of people and not because
I mean the TikTok that I upload with that audio.
She is like that She is like that She said
that he already likes another one in the song yes he does
like another one eh he said in the song Me
[ __ ] 10 s [ __ ] 10 Of course it is
[ __ ] 10 every day friends it's not
That's nonsense, or is it true?
I also feel like they have a stick
of double measure, very strange where there is
people who can be allowed
many things but I can't upload one
tiktok then I just think you have to
be a little less intense with me
I think I'm not doing anything wrong and
In another live Ari commented that he entered
Facebook where he saw several posts that
They spoke according to what she says things
that are not true In addition to that
They mentioned Juan when he had nothing
What to see Hey talking about reciprocating
To so many people this really seems to me
This seems crazy to me.
surreal, I almost never find out, mind you.
cameo there no eye cameo there in
clip little bed eh little bed here in clip per
of everything that is happening as if
my false surroundings know that is the truth
It's just that I'm not one to look for my things in
internet because wow what we have
spoken a thousand times about my things there is everything
guy the other day like the day before yesterday I got into
I never go on Facebook.
Facebook no no no no no suck me I suck it
true Now I kind of want to understand
Why do people have such a mania for me?
A lot of my posts came out like that, huh?
but really friends, that is, literally
They are photos as if I were the worst
of the [ __ ] and everything false or so
celebrated his birthday while he was
That is, talking about things about Juan that
zero to see or rather zero to see Ari
also talks about the boy in the photo
in the evening commenting that it was he who
He made the braids and also clarifies that he doesn't
He has a broken heart and was alone
referring to a song by
Taylor Swift And then the next day
announce their divorce and a photo of
when I was at Rivers' party
in Spain with the guy who made me
braid bro What the [ __ ] and then
literally put her now I have the
broken heart I didn't say I had the
broken hearted I said I liked one
Taylor Swift song where she says that
do things even if you have your heart
broken and that didn't mean that I
I had bro, it's true that Ari would close
the topic saying that his name gives likes
to accounts that they are looking for them and that
He also feels that the fact that it is being talked about
of her makes her happy Since it makes her
feel the doubt about what they do
for three likes is that the worst thing is that
Sebastian has sent Javi they have to
activate the option to receive membership
In my case it was not activated and where is it?
active
that where they can activate that where
you can check it
that are not three likes, it's that br please
TR likes, look, I'm going to tell you something.
I have been very honest since I was 16 years old
I think this would hurt me more than not.
if he talked about me, that would be me.
terror Blessed God because those are
blessings I feel current I feel
very current on the internet and that turns me on
happy with that or rather not in this way
I definitely don't want those to sound
the things that come out on the internet about me
Sebasti, let's see, I appreciate it.
just give away another 50 I'll give it to you
I appreciate Sebastian but it is no longer
you need to give more truth or
if everyone were doing it
The same as Sebastian Well it would be a
a [ __ ] madness no and but it's already
giving no hurry
Sebastian's body catches another Sebastian
another Sebastian has given 10 more to the
cause
The Sebastin Rey Hacienda family is here for us
observing Many thanks to the other
Sebastian also for his 10
members God uncle
God today reaches 3000 men because
If we haven't arrived yet, it's because I don't know how
I'll tell you when I finish marking
but if we haven't arrived we are already at
Puntn knows me and that makes me very very
happy and well many people like that
try to talk about things in some way
strange and there are people who to spend the
for a while it makes him happy to read nonsense or
comment on nonsense And the truth is that I
I am very calm, so it doesn't bother me
the dream or so they go around commenting on those
things don't make me sleep worse no no no
Not really, but that made me laugh.
I specifically saw it and said, "Dammit."
dick and he goes too far and well friends
We have reached the end of this video
They believe that the funas are justified
because she looks for them or is it the people who
He doesn't let one pass anymore. I read them in
the comments I think that I think that
There are some things that people if they don't
If Ari were to go, he would pass them by and that's it.
is and would go unnoticed just
another Sebastian appears in this case
called Sebastin Padilla okay And he is
giving away members 10 at a time okay the
another Sebastian was giving away 50 to
50 Now it seems to have calmed down but
Another Sebastian has just appeared who is already
carries two gifts of
10 Right now the score is worth
members mark me exactly 800 members
new to this live
Okay, I think you deserve it.
that we watch a video where they insult me
with a lot of hate it's okay And they laugh at me and I
humiliate in the miniature yur
[Music]
This I think that I think that
you deserve what they do to me
bullying in fact you deserve it okay
Let's have a drink
laugh I saw the bathroom for a second, eh No
I don't wash my hands or anything
time feeling cold If you
I want to feel your body with me
mine because my soul has no time
being cold If you
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time
being cold If you
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time
being cold If you
you want I want to feel your body
to mine because my soul has no time
feeling cold If you
you want I want to feel your body J mine
because my soul has no time being
cold If you
you want I want to feel your body J mine
because my soul has no time being
cold If you
you want I want to feel your body J mine
because my soul has no time if I tend
cold if you want it
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time being
cold If you
you want I want to feel your body J mine
because my soul has no time but cold
Yeah
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time feeling
cold if it is
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time
feeling cold
There are 20 other members of the Sebastian de
the 10 in 10 there are another 20 and of and of
Someone knew another Sebastian had a [ __ ]
There is another new Sebastian, a third
Sebastin seba ortellado who has just
give away 50
members call me right now wait
I'm going to show it to you because it's that
padill just gave away another me This is not
It may be He has stayed
caught He's caught he can't
They're going to be [ __ ] hosts tomorrow.
put tomorrow
greenery to put tomorrow
green things what they usually generate are
tomorrow's reviews of the channels
Always in the plan to scam them
Now it's time for a dance like in telesalseo
Oh, but it is a very dance.
my special
Loli queos the direct says
I had a reg but I don't do any more
nothing but I don't do this anymore
but in the whole month I already believe in the one who wants it
that we close the
direct alanne wants us to close the
direct or rather we are here or rather But
tell him something alne alanne or rather we are
here in a live that
look and alanne wants us to close the
direct alanne does not want that tomorrow
gentlemen
How do I explain this to you?
Gentlemen in your Prime I am in my
[ __ ] Prime leave me [ __ ]
Random Let's see, let me see Aunt Random who?
you are I haven't told you that yes you have
You told me you told me Now don't [ __ ] yourself
of the people you have said it literally
Come on, you've got me live.
thanked everyone by closing the
you have directly hit me
said William William has been made
member a kiss Guillermo
It's handsome that Javi is already a fete with his
Exactly 3000 I'm already famous
alne Who are you?
alanne who are you
alne quies
are
someone knows you from somewhere
Nena Alne I wanted to close the live show
I see I see I see that you deserve it
that they bully me, not me, I see that
Let's see this video, there is no other one that you like.
I would like to see before that
That's how sexy I am here in this thumbnail.
Eh, I think I posted this the other day. No.
nothing very serious here
Let's see, I think that right now there are videos of
I hate Javi Oliveira, Dallas' accomplice.
and rejected by Miare this boy continues
in his life not in his in his in his thing not
One hour 20 minutes
uncle reacting to something of mine
direct my mother with his story not with
your film and your story of Antonia eh
Let's see this one, I think so, wait
Wait
wait [ __ ] this one too this one is from
same does not put me with mud and
all boots this one criticizes me to see what
Would you rather see one where they criticize me for
the boots for having thrown some boots
full of [ __ ] or because they criticize me
by
Javi has not suffered from the lawsuits
I'm suffering a lot right now
Also, at this moment I am
suffering
I have suffered, I have not suffered and I suffer in
These moments I am actually suffering
poor fabric can't take it anymore with the issue of
the demands At this rate soon
will reach the level of suffering of his
I love Dallas So finally
has decided not to get involved in more
I don't sue anyone anymore. Look
It must be a very big thing to
that I do this again
demands
Aha [ __ ] look at the two demands that
I put it last year, uncle, now they have it
arrived at the two people who are from
you have the gossip of La Movida de you have the gossip of La Movida de
I'm going to tell you, but what a [ __ ] laziness
that's going slow, I mean, tell me why
when the trial is resolved, they will go
to read the ruling and maybe they will
pay next year I have I don't know if it is
in February or January I don't know when it is
exactly I think it was a host Well no
I know but I have a trial again with
with the usual ones that they sued me for
eh for some videos that they already put on the
first demand And why Mario Tiberian
on a call with me from Juno in a
guest eh insulted her okay call that
I immediately deleted it and apologized
I don't even know how many times it's worth it, eh, tell me one
demands a trial now in the
2025 of a thing of the
You know
tell me
tell me, I mean, I understand that for example
Lolly Huertas's Well look, it's worth it
from lerl of course it's that boy Yes that one
boy also goes more demands after O
be it to each one goes as if by packages Not now
whatever there is everything that has been said in the
last year's demand for the year was boosted
it comes and goes
but I'm not going to I mean I don't have the same
thought about I'm going to sue
everyone who is It depends on what it is
gravity and it depends on what if for or
no Para but man it is a subject that the
The truth is that I don't see it, what do you know or
whether it's seeing how the demands are going or not
seeing how I am now for example
from lerl for example that I think he doesn't even
has arrived
eh Because that takes a cast a series
of playing F some things that I can't Fu
was the attorney no
the trial will be in 2026
first trial and then if he appeals if not
recurs Yes of course obviously The kid
that one will be there for example
mortgaged all your life is worth it But what's going on
to read the ruling in 2020 And what do I
you understand, that is, me and Loli's thing
example not that has been declared in
Rebellion because it has not been presented in
the procedure
Well, that's what I'm telling you to stop
people who don't stop, don't stop, don't stop
stop defaming no Or at least stop
that compensates for the damage that it does, you know
but I don't see him much, eh I don't see him much
that works very well, that is, I see
that the issue should be a trial by
what it normally takes uncle like what
It happened to me with Juan's friend and the friend
and Juan reported him and there was a trial
Well, I think 4 months, Guillermo, a kiss
Guillermo apart from becoming a member
Guillermo has given away 10 more I have for you.
to say that we are at 932 members
new today eh In this live
a little more and we reach 1000 members
new to this live it makes no sense
what I just told you but I have
said something good because you already heard it
No more demands on Javi.
made a decision and wants to go all the way
In the end, there will be no more demands on anyone.
It means that you should not make any more demands on
no one but them
I will put that we say that
the bar to put them is a little
higher is worth or the bar for
putting them on is a little more
high for example Christ
bru I have the data of where you can
arrive, let's say so, from where you
can arrive and where it can be
notified is a claim that
most likely he is obviously fed up
of insulting me I do not insult him
has charged with crimes No but what do I
Okay, if he's already made a fool of himself, no.
That is what matters to me.
my public image in the end not so much
Above all, Sebastin Padilla has given
another 10 okay meaningless I'll take it now
Sebastian Padilla is normally worth it.
Sebastian already impresses me.
Padilla that people give away here
members of 200 by 200 Look Sebastian
Sun just gives away another 50 I can't
plus what Sebastian Sol just did
means that the marker is going to score
over 1000 new members right now
Okay, in a little while. Well, no one else.
Except for slow reading, the only one I'm useful for
keep the ones that are in good condition
Obviously I can't take it off to see
I'm going to keep all of Loli's no
There are those who take it away, you don't understand me either.
No one can take Loli's away either.
Hey, I'm the one who would have, maybe
but Loli's because it is a
continue with the defamation to this day
like the laser len but I have the one
Diego Arrabal, for example, who is a guy
that I barely cross paths with him in content
We don't even usually treat the same ones
you know no no no we are not finding ourselves removing
a couple of things you know to me if that man
I would have said, well, look, some apologies.
but I was offended too or I was
It bothered me that you told me that I know what
that is you know but he has his pride and
his things and wants to go all the way
Well, we'll go all the way
Obviously I'm not going to remove anything
that to pay it I understand you know
If you reach the end, that's all you have left.
the instances that remain, you know.
I think it will also be a demand that
very
I probably hope to win it but never
You can know because you already know that
One judge can tell you yes, another judge can tell you
you can say no, I know
you see but the ones that are put
Obviously I'm not going to remove them.
that change a lot the
things uncle I find it incredible that it is not
member all chat eh with what that
There are 998 memberships listed here.
now
new cannot be removed unless
you know if you reach an agreement on something
style that doesn't look good but it does
I'm going to keep it and maybe I'll put it yes
I'm going to give you a second one from Lerl
It's the laserlent guy, that's that kid, me
I don't know if it is eh has said a series of
nonsense, I mean, I have to review it
still everything is fine eh well they are clicks that
They send me but I have to get involved
download it, certify it and all those
things that are not this that I don't stop eh but yes
yes yes now another one comes and now it's
second in the second Sebastian has just
give another 10 Sebastin Padilla look
this guy look
look at this
I think we haven't seen this yet.
never
eh, I think we've never seen this before
in life eh
that my soul does not have
I want to feel your body what time
I have no words to thank you
really in the second one he is accusing
Yeah, it's crazy but it's very complete.
already the first demand above all
focuses on expressions that are
insulting insulting eh some
completely disqualifying
disproportionate is worthless
but it is already that for the second what
There are a series of accusations that are
your uncle that this based on what? So that
They are interpretations that tell you no
I know the truth But well I imagine that
will take people as a witness now
that you and Loli dance like in telesalseo
But since we are in the salseria they have
to dance the Comanche sex song or
anal remix I can't do that with Loli
I want a kiss but I can't open it
Twitter dude that's where I have the
clicks Javi those are very obelos
with you, that is, you realize that here there is
A video of him has now appeared
last hours or days I don't know just
appear here when we have gotten into
Javi oliveira and put Javi oliveira
He is an accomplice of Dallas and rejected by me.
fate you where the friend lives fate you
who will applaud him
That doesn't make any sense anymore, eh?
which is obtuse as you say later
maybe he is a person who earns a lot
money and he doesn't care because it comes out
profitable But he is a guy who
then he sees you and continues with his same 20
spectators with their
themselves or a special little creature
a little problem is a big problem, I don't know
delete truth be I don't know
What I'm telling you is for my friend who
you have a lawyer can charge you one
free can charge you two free but
already five or six trials and apart from that it is that
nor that it looks good or is who he is
applauds Who applauds him Wilson dal
veira And that is hidden behind accounts with
but bu I don't care, that is me
simply this another demand takes
Pablo Pero
So I didn't understand why it was
fun to put that music on that
I haven't understood what it is at the moment
I was saying there at that moment already
They know Javi will not file any more lawsuits
except That yes the demand for ler lent
Well I wanted to say that I won't put any more
demands except for laser and also
This crypt bru that doesn't stop
insult me in Dallas for free
when we didn't even meet him
I understand that there will have been 3 gr later
Here on a call it is not the same as now
Let's check how it is in the game
that we have already found the
way this guy is not not here
disappeared, I'm going to clarify it, I think
Okay, I think so.
I don't think I'm going to sue him.
I Spain is not that I do not come to Spain nor
that does not have the family in
Spain that in thin will also say the
same things with the same forcefulness
that in writing it does not do it nor does it do it
in a
call if you have it so
Of course you take it and tell me, well look
sue me, sue me, you're going to pay me
the coasts as I have told more than
one sues me that you will pay me
coasts look here you can me
notify Why not because you know
that he is going to lose it and yes, he does not care
pay No because according to him he earns a lot
money I think it is money that he has
from this copy trading that he did not do that
He made so much money out of people but
Eh yes it's going to have yes it's going to stay
evil of Face to what they are
No to what your group celebrates and others do not
Christ was a Dallas fan I knew it No
[ __ ] Anika and where is that we'll see
and I'll tell you. Okay, now, Javi. No.
will put more demands except for the laser one
and another one that will put crypt bru wait
a moment will not put more except that of
the witch's one but it seems that there is also another one
for Peppa Beltran because she has done a
directly very angry because yesterday we won
the challenge of this the objective of the Super
chat and because yesterday people supported me
also and gave 200 members and has
gone crazy she started to insult and
has mentioned my children
Little ones, how do you see it if he hasn't eaten it?
He smoked it because the younger children
They can't be touched, I know. Ah, not anymore.
we will be talking about civil lawsuits
Of course, there if his mouth slips and he
If you have a hand, maybe I can think of one.
penalty as
minimal But this is fun or so this
to put fun music on it and
make him a man, of course, obviously
If suddenly there are people messing with my
children but how can I not take action
legal I mean I have no intention of
start suing every kiji every time
moment but if suddenly there is a
person who starts messing with others
young children
minors Where is the point here or that is
Instead of criticizing Peppa, they criticize me.
me because I said I wasn't going to sue and
Now I'm saying that man, yes
mentions minors there may be a
Of course there could be a penalty
lol lol but instead of taking and saying
Damn, do you know what the [ __ ] this is? No, no, no.
Well, so as not to want to put more
demands Javi plans to file
quite a few more demands, go on.
hypocritical
Hey, you said you weren't going to sue without
However, if they mess with your children
will demand How hypocritical it seems in the end
hypotenuse but since we are here let's see
he said it uncle really means it
super
hypocrite really messed with his
family when tomorrow you see
the videos that your dad has
see what my mother thinks of you what
think of me is that I am very good
very good person and what a good job
and I hope your children Ah no no that the
will justify that he will justify it
Oh okay, no no, what's going to justify it?
It seems fine to you and I wish you would change it.
and that in the morning my mother's Watch the video
drawing with
fans Im bru
And what do you want me to look at?
Anica
11 let's see if you can draw the photo v
starting to get into what it is
This is my But how the hell had I found it
this to see if
laben
draw the photo is worth it
[Laughs]
I don't want to feel your body because my soul
It doesn't have cold weather. Yes
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time
If I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time being
cold
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time feeling
cold and you
I want to feel your body with me
mine because my soul has no time
being cold If you
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time
feeling cold If you
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time being
cold if you want it
I want to feel your body m mine
to No
fails Does not fail
eh That's why so much hate but man damn
you are sick
that to me
I ask how screwed you are
having found
that's right here next to me
finding out jil what a surprise Peppa no
he messed with Javi's family
in a moment, in no moment, eh
Sebastian Sol other 50 members look from
true I mean
It's already the limit, it's already the limit, Sebastian, no
I'll let you give away more members, don't you?
I leave no one In fact I don't leave you anyone
more than just gifts from Peppa Pig members
no moment Peppa Peppa
Peppa is going to cross the foul line
respect that goes that goes that goes We
We have invented Never never
has never ever messed with the family
eh never never and he threatens with a
criminal complaint But Peppa was also there
Responding to Javi Because he talked about
I spoke to the family before, I spoke
that is, despite the fact that Peppa in the climate
I mentioned that I didn't say anything.
Okay, it was me, the cable, Peppa was
defending the poor eh Peppa was
defending the poor thing, look at what she looks like
that
blame her, look, you don't let her
defend oneself
Woman, look, you don't even let him
Javi tries to defend the poor woman
manipulate the situation so that their
followers donate money to him, then he has
I made a very direct so that they donate to me
silver family would donate money to me
Please, today you have donated me gold, eh?
I also tell you today you have donated gold to me
but I would donate
silver would donate me silver
Please, I mean if they mess with me and my
family donates me
don't pay attention to the grandfather who gives away money
more Jos Roberto Urdaneta Hernndez is
the poor man whining because he hasn't
touched or how is it possible that there is
1558 new members and you haven't been touched
to all of you who are here or
we can assume that we have more than
3000 members here again
We cannot assume that we have more
of 3000 members here
family Oh I can't open Twitter
Wait a moment to see if I have it here.
one thing
wait
eh I have it I have it or I don't have it
I have it, I have it or I don't have it
Uncle, I have it or I don't have it.
I have no importance but go
we give war pear
constancy does not remain silent with papers or with
Threats to justice are fought with facts
No buying or selling here.
Let it be clear that dignity has no
price nor strange attempt against The King Of
I falsify it, it is clear that it is priceless nor
strange contract against The King Of
I falsify because with courage fear is
fox today eh eh again again again
once again family I love you all
Dancing okay, I love you all dancing
Well, to finish the night, now to
end the night I think it would be
pretty I think it would all be pretty
Dancing, whoever can, gives away one
only member now to finish off
The night is worth it for the TT that I'm going to put
now
A single member is worth only one each
Okay, it just touched AOL
Of course it touches the most fans of the Channel
Okay, but while people are
giving away only one member each
A dance emoji in the chat is worth it
As I see it, okay, let's get to it.
[Music]
Justice is fought with threats
made not with fs Here there is no purchase or
sale that is clear laene
[Music]
I think I would love to follow them.
Loli's steps but I don't know if I can
Gabrielas just gave away 50 take for
ass I said one one each Gabrielo
Uncle, thank you very much.
Gabrielo Gabriel Azo just gave away 50
members but what happens here is
that today the live show is going to end and Y
They are not going to appear on the screen at all.
the members because I can't wait
here to the sound of a thousand or so members
I would have to stay here until
tomorrow I
You understand, gentlemen, Gabrielo has just
give away 50 vouchers Okay and all those who
You are giving one away Sebastian has just
give another 50 Sebastian I don't give you anymore
I don't even give thanks. You're turning out to be a pain for me.
heavy Sebastian I don't give you any more
thank you
Uncle, I don't even thank you anymore. I mean
go go take it
ass but I'll see you the day within
a month, that is, you will see it on January 9th
we're going to get our asses kicked
when they make a thousand or so memberships
pa and I don't know
You renew it, but come on, let's get down to business.
eh one member each Anica you 10 one
member each one come go I'm going to try
follow in Loli's footsteps
[Music]
with
Oh, fat, we just got fat, man.
torch
heat my goodness but F
This God
uncle family but it is that
This This does not exist
No
No. 10 more from Sebastin Padilla uncle
Sebastians don't give anything else away.
Sebastianes, this doesn't make any sense to you.
No
It exists. This does not have any type.
of
Logically you deserve it for how well you
Javi Bueno dances, it's also true if
It was because of how well I dance, I wouldn't
They would not have even given a good morning
God bless us because yesterday we won the challenge
This is the objective of the Super chat and
because yesterday people supported me too and
gave 200 members no Javi to anyone
anger that they donate to you, that's something you say
to manipulate your followers and you
done when ppp fake completely
false Of course they make him angry in fact it is
I can't open Twitter now but
Look, Loli Huerta was putting us
green because they had overcome the challenge
target of 50 memberships plus 20 plus 200
members were okay And there was Loli
turning green Pepa maybe yes for us
used for the objective they are winning
silver next to us for perfect value
On Twitter, the agate also put us
green because we did the goal okay or
be that I manipulate you
Uh, I manipulate you, a member of
Elena Elena Thank you very much beautiful
member each family Now and we go
eh, one member each of you who are here
here and now we're going, we're going to bed
Hey Alanes has gone
I want you to
manipulate the
bar that's something you say for
manipulate your followers and make them donate to you
when Peppa didn't even attack your
family you
he invents a lot, eh, I mean
It occurs to you a lot, eh, imagine
the number of hours that they dedicate to it
Haters of my uncle absolutely everything and you
the money but now let's hear the opinion
to read about this whole topic that year
expert's opinion
expert opinion expert opinion family
shut up let's listen expert let's go
to listen to expert leads with the topic of
the complaints because Javi is a pain in the ass
money gives him [ __ ] money constantly
not only does he give you money he gives you no
that it gives me money to report that to me
but it serves to make the
victim and it serves to criminalize me
Ah okay okay so I mean I
I report people because they give me money
spend money if I love to sue
the people
And that also
criminal is clear that you do it uncle
to stain the image or just OK
when they go to the media to say
that they have reported me to Dallas or
when he and his people laugh at me
condemn for insults, that's it ...
We laughed and I also have a clip of him
saying I'm going to laugh every time you
condemn boy because you laugh every time
Let them condemn me, I'm not going to laugh every time
once they condemn you, it's fine with me
simply because man I will be glad of
win the proceedings because what
you do it is not normal okay but what do you do?
criminal you know you have to see that
you demand the kid for things that
He says, "Let's see," and that gives me money.
gives me money to insult me and to
charge things that gives me a lot of money
me
enchants everyone who passes by
[ __ ] side to dirty the image and defame
He's a [ __ ] slanderer and that's what he is.
[Music]
seb a kiss Sebastian Thank you very much
dude [ __ ] dude Sebastian dude doesn't have any
no sense anymore this no But now with
the nonsense eh or Sebastian has
left
there is an egg not left not for that
less to the left at least for
I don't know from which country they will be
sending but no matter how right they are
I don't know how long this has been going on since
now the
a kiss Sebastin Padilla la Sebastia
Sebastian would be like that, I don't know how
wizard person to Ari literally every
who comes out to speak falls worse God XD and
Well Grandpa, it's worth it for you to buy it.
Garfield in honor of Sebastian and
later assemble it if this extract
his name is not Ari and the rain of members
I unsubscribe
not the rain of members I can put on it
of title but it is going to
understand It's that I don't want it to be
misunderstanding will be understood by rain
of members I don't know if I should put it, you bastards.
another day not the one they gave me because I put
a photo of her from her networks in a
miniature we are your joints I mean nika me
He said we are his joints
eh I don't know if I'm going to give it that title
extract
eh You have to do it grandpa but it's that
maybe it is not even understood
I say it with all the letters because to me
Javi Oliveira seems like a [ __ ] to me
defamer and now another topic comes out, another [ __ ]
report uncle leave them alone
leave us all alone uncle let the
people talk, express themselves and their Ah okay
Okay, you have to see the [ __ ] opinion
Let people express themselves.
Look, I'm just going to tell you about
the first demand of the first
demand eh Ah is that I can't get in
Twitter dude I have a tweet out there from
incy and enumerating but only of the
first demand eh Only from the first one
demand for mine eh the one in Dallas is
eh crazy I mean the one in Dallas is a
madness the I think he's going there
nor will he remember what he did
They have said, eh, that is, the one in Dallas is without
no sense at all eh no sense at all
mine Well, mine Look, mine are
things like garbage infest dirty old man
crazy bastard filthy clown
[Music]
em you are a racist
Javi Why the hell do I have to talk?
Well, Javi, I don't have any.
obligation nor do I have any desire
All I want is to speak ill of you and
When I screw up I'll go and say that you did it
screwed up but when you do it right
I will ignore the topic because I don't want to give you
good reputation because I think of a person
that you don't deserve anything at all
what fate has, that is, you envy her, eh?
that I don't deserve it and that and that he
He just wants to talk badly because
He wants to give me a bad reputation, okay?
and perhaps the year this was said in 2023 in
February is okay, we're going to be two now.
years, eh, you who are nobody and you don't
You don't want them to even let you into your [ __ ] house
I hope they beat you up
maybe next year I'll be up there and
you're eating my balls from underneath
maybe he's eating honeydew later
It's about having the
clear conscience, well, and you?
You are calm, yes, we all know that you are.
because you are a
whatever he has with Lorena is not a bug
private life we can judge everything that
it comes out of our dick because his life
sentimental is
public uncle is that there are pages and pages
so eh a kiss Sebastian Padilla a kiss
They are pages, pages, so I can tell you some
another thing pig
sloppy
stalker
bastard the worst [ __ ] subnormal scum
delayed
Piggy, what would bother Javi if they screwed him?
the audience
the ladies who see it when they
Ladies, stop donating money. Then
This is going to really screw him up to catch them all.
Javi's clicks and send it to everyone
the ladies to stop donating to him
nothing, pure and simple freedom of expression
eh chat, I mean leave what you think, man
let him have his say, uncle, let them have their say
Calm down, let them have their say, calmly, eh?
Hey, I insulted him in 2021, hey, I
In 2021, in 2020, I insulted him.
[Music]
Years later with these
expressions bler the first demand this
but it is worth many pages
Dallas is now Next
Level Next Level in Dallas
It's that I this kid when I'm in
the player said No to my freedom
expression is what I think but it is already
that the
second and the guy tells you leave us
I would say it's a mockery that I am condemned
for calling him broom hair I don't know what to his
friends okay That that that that that that that
celebrates and also says he's going to laugh
of all But he has this he has
This, of course, will not be applauded now.
the deive will see and such things
They will applaud but of course this is going to have it
that this is going to have to happen, that this is going to happen
having to take responsibility for defaming aside
curators of balls is
censorship is censorship
Gentlemen aside, the other day we saw a clip
in which he said, well, you know why
I do follow Javi, what bothers him is that
I continued to believe that with his demands I would
I was going to keep quiet, but of course I'm still here.
because I'm not a coward like you who
you screwed up Dallas you're a coward and I'm going
to continue I am not a coward and it's like
Well, let's see, that wasn't what you
You sent a message to Delox that this one
false paper that false arrogance of stop
What for Dalis Veira to applaud you And
those people
How much, how much, uncle, the content that
There, Unpa is now going to be a [ __ ]
Mother, with Mr. Doctor, I think I
I think he's mentioning to me the
topics still Even on those topics But
Well, damn, I've found another topic.
that can explode and that and this one is not this one
Cab que volver YouTube continues with Javi Le
wrote to Miare Dallas to I don't know what the
things that your people tell you
that handles it and you do what you want
I leave you your freedom of expression
do what you want Now I'm going to you
demand all the contents
that they are sued if I don't even throw them away
videos no strike shot or anything now
Obviously, of course I'm going to
sue, that is, of course I'm going to sue you
sue and I won't forgive you
absolutely no no demand
As Delox has done, it is worth it that you
you want to give them to the dal veira the
years that the procedures last you
give it to him, see that he is the one
I will applaud you, you know, but
Hey, I have my doubts that it will work for you.
then Well within two years by
example a year and a half, half a year, two years
when the trials and the
sentence I have my doubt that it will
come out well okay censor then the
Antonia wants to censor my mother.
If you want to censor me, then no, then
I said broom hair, I told him I don't know what and that's it
Well, it's very serious and you laugh.
No, but fate you, eh, fate you, and this one.
puts here as an expert I mean fate
You Well friends, as you have seen it is
It's very hard to be Javi and carry on his shoulders
shoulders all the weight of those demands as well
that will not put more except of course
to all those who speak the slightest bit of
he the least the most
the minimum the minimum is its way of
remain relevant but it is not even
that's it, because it's not even that anymore.
eh It's not even that, man. But this that you
I just read some words but the
demand is that pages and pages and
pages and what about the second one already
because you realize that you still have it
first is since I stopped talking
I think that's the whole year of him
first demand I think I don't know if it's a year
and you say, well, it still has
there the topic The recent controversy but it is
that the second demand is that it is
even further back in time since
I don't mention it and the guy has uploaded the
level since I don't mention it is
How are you going to justify it?
freedom of expression that gives you that no
I censored you, so imagine the
trial kid imagine the trial
declaring I don't care I am not
of those who cry over the accounts of
Twitter subscribe or I won't post I don't
I don't cry with Twitter accounts or the
I censor them or I'm going to throw them away or anything
the style now evidently already exists
people who need to be sued but
there is more, it has no more route, that is
It's super
logical
crying because of anger, fear
seer that we are unimportant channels
But what a war we give, what a record
No, they don't shut up with papers or threats.
Justice is fought with facts, not with
farce Here there is no buying or selling that
Let it be clear that the dinad has no price nor
rare conatus
[Music]
Look how I cry for the twitterers and
because he
send the cl to the lady so that she doesn't
Donen has just become a member
seb sacab has become a member Thank you for
become a member
Uncle Thanks for becoming a member
Hey guys, I'm sorry it got cut off.
without all of them appearing on screen but it is
that there is no time is that there is no time
Ok, we're leaving 3 and a half hours away
direct gentlemen this Now when I
put on Twitter What
It happens if only with the beak
It was worth it, that is, just with the beak it was worth it
Ray who's in
direct if only with the beak already
It was enough that there was no one live
No which community
Ah the bar the bar the bar the
bar I'm going to update the bar
I'm going Wait I'm going Post a tweet no
I want it
I want your leather
body
I lie sier
What do I put in it?
TT I want to feel your body jun m because
I want to feel your body because my
to the
I want to feel your body with me
mine because my soul has no
It doesn't make sense, I have the best
entire internet community
eh it just doesn't make sense for us to have
the best community on the internet
except for Twitter, eh, Twitter is
disgusting eh more than 1000 people ago
a week that we created
That was a week ago and there are more than 1000
people there in that community uncle what
Too bad I can't get on Twitter
Now, if we didn't take a turn
of
1243 incredible
amazing family
Hey, I'm really sorry that there are so many
people who are here every day
days and that he does not and that he has not
touched makes me very sad but I'll see
I think it won't exist I think it won't exist
a live in life in which there is more
that more than the members that are there today eh
I mean, I don't know what that's for sale. Look.
Wizard hasn't touched Wizard, uncle. Ah
the bar the bar is true let's go
changing the uncle bar to wizard has not done it
uncle's headdress
a wizard who is here all [ __ ] day
does not have
life has not touched him
Uncle, let's see what we're going to see.
update the
God bar
let's see the target of members
Okay, 2061 were the ones we had. No.
wait, I'll take a good look at it in the
YouTube studio that we had
Okay, in the YouTube studio we had
today
2062 Sebastian has given away another 50
Sebastian Let me let me do the
sum let me do sum Sebastian
leave it for another live show, wait for it
Let's let Sebastian do it.
the
sum let's let them update
from Sebastian because if not we will not
I want a block
It's so you don't close the host directly
But we've been here for almost 4 hours.
commented on hate videos not even
videos of
Heo lets add yes yes don't give anything else away
let's do let's do the sum
to put the tweet not to
update the bar and what do you take
captures And that I don't want to feel your
body m because my soul has no time
feeling
cold I want to feel your
body a kiss aale You are the one
beautiful, let's see 290 1290 call me now
same
your body m because
my
your Joan
flat Joan flat or do you remember that
Today I had a controversy with him
black of
box vale
Do you remember that today I had a
controversy with the black boxer for
tell him why he put a t getting involved
with the chus Vale Joan
flat has appeared in
Javi answers that you are condemned for
bejar other people by messing with them
physical last week
the week
past uncle all his life will be with
his
sentence his whole life
Uncle last week no When was it ago
a couple of weeks
He began to respond to Iker Jimenez for the
controversy that Iker Jimnez had with the
deo of bonaire and others and appeared by the
Joan Planas's response, speaking to him about his
sentence I think you should
respond to him and tell him based flat
badimo
You're so obsessed, damn. Well, I already was.
Hey
I was already obsessed, huh?
the moment we had him
what to do with the ginob and
Besides, there in the gin it was already pointed out
ways eh Well there is the gin not there
There is the gin that the gin was
completely legal let's say no
I want to feel your body J mine because
My soul has no time being cold.
you
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time being
cold If you
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time being
cold If you
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my
the gameover will not be able to erase it no
not the gameover what the gameover says
It is the truth and there it is clear and
[ __ ] I haven't seen anyone that a video
what a mess to get to delete others
videos that nothing that
Hey, but today's live is like
with the alert on all the time in the background
the great achievement that
It seems that he doesn't want to leave you in
peace yes it seems so eh Lu lo
It seems like T T you but listen to me that the guy
goes to each
thing that takes away my block for
commenting removes my block, trust me
that I don't even block him, he doesn't even block me
remove the block to reply to the
tweet the
creature
little cup I'm about to retweet the TT for
that people like Al
poor thing that I can't give him
ha
answered I want to feel your
my body
Hello, I want to feel your body because
my
I want to feel your body with me because
Sebastian a kiss
Uncle, I donate members because I like it
just a little song
your body J mine because my at No time
Yeah
wanna
moment your body my time
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time being
cold if it is
you want I want to feel your body J mine
because my soul has no time being
cold
sier I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time being
cold
sier I want to feel your body next to me
mine because my soul has no time if
cold If t
you want I want to feel your body of mine
because my has
I want time
body Mister delete Well I don't know what
I'm going to explain to the lady the
I really want to feel your body J m my
soul has no time feeling cold If
you it
you want I want to feel your body next to
mine because my soul has no time
being cold you
I want to feel your body with me
mine because my soul has no time
feeling cold If you
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time
being cold if you want it
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time feeling
cold If you
you want I want to feel your body J mine
because my soul has no time feeling
cold If you
you want I want to feel your body next to
mine because my soul has no time
feeling cold If you
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time if
I'm cold if you want it
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time being
cold if it is
you want I want to feel your body of mine
because my al doesn't have time cold
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time but cold
Yeah
I want to feel your body of mine because
My soul has no time feeling cold
If you do it
Do you want to feel your body together?
to mine because my soul has no time
being cold If you
you want I want to feel your body next to
mine because my soul has no time
being cold If you
you want I want to feel your body next to
mine because my soul has no time
feeling cold and you
you want I want to feel your body
Okay guys, let's go, not to finish.
This is so famous that 1293 Okay, so there is
that
add 100
93 more
members
target number of members 4000
handsome words see you soon
kiss Thanks to all remind you that I have
left a little video uploaded on the channel
main go see it okay Tomorrow we
Let's see if there is 100% gossip on telesalseo
See you okay And here too in the
main here too It depends on what
okay, a kiss handsome, thanks, I don't have any
word the best community goodbye